With the sharp wit of Mike Rowe, you can be assured that you will never be bored. Regardless of if he is cleaning a septic tank or collecting dead turkeys, there is always something different every episode.
I love this show, so glad I voted for it. All of the characters are awesome, can't wait for Season 2!
What a great television series this is.  Though I'm an Idris Elba fan, I won't say something he's in is good unless it's ... well... good.  "Luther" is really good!The series follows the typical police/detective model of an emotionally unhealthy, but extremely savvy head detective (DCI ~ Detective Chief Inspector/British) by the name of John Luther (Idris Elba) and how he goes about handling his messy personal life with his professional one.  While the aggressive, unorthodox, down and out cop story has been done and re-done a million times, every once in a while a producer, director, writers and cast get it right (Law & Order, NYPD Blue, Homicide: Life on the Streets, etc.) and with this show they got it right.  Another interesting twist in the series is the unethical and strange, but meaningful and intriguing relationship the main character develops with a suspected murderer by the name of Alice (Ruth Wilson) who, at one point, DCI Luther interrogated.  The chemistry between these two characters is fascinating and could only be due to the great acting these two pull out of their hats!  I love it and hang on their every word and interaction."Luther" is an edgy series that often doesn't have a happy ending.  It's well acted and solid.  So far, they've created about 10 episodes which consist of Seasons 1 & 2, but it appears that they are starting a 3rd season (yay!).  I don't know how long the series will continue, but I'd like to give a hearty Thank You to the BBC for consistently producing wonderful television series.  It seems like these folks almost never miss!
The knowledge that we get to see Zooey Deschanel at least twenty-some more times in prime time (Fox recently ordered a full season of New Girl) was the best news of the year until Sarah Palin announced she would not be running for president in 2012. Maybe Zooey could take her place and subvert the Republican Party with her hipster aura? Headlining a show on Fox, she's already halfway there. New Girl is an absolute delight. Much like the American Idol judges tell great singers they "could sing the phone book" and still be entertaining, Zooey Deschanel proves with New Girl that all she has to do is ramble nonsensically onscreen with those cute anime eyes and be utterly captivating.The instant success of New Girl comes as no surprise; the show has many levels of appeal. First, it is infinitely quotable. Good luck escaping, "Pink wine makes me slutty," at the water cooler. Second, it follows the tradition of strange living arrangement sitcoms (see: The Big Bang Theory, and just about every other sitcom). Third, it is quirky and offbeat, which gives elitists something to latch onto, while remaining relatable and mainstream (its sense of humor is reminiscent of Apatow comedies). Fourth, it lacks a laugh track, which automatically earns it the label of "smart comedy" by many critics. Fifth, Zooey Deschanel. Zooey, Zooey, Zooey. Just put a pair of glasses on her, give her a dorky character to play, and it has the Tina Fey Effect. We look past her supermodel good looks and somehow believe she's a nerdy girl like us.The surprise appeal has another name: Max Greenfield. You might remember him as Calvin's hot teacher boyfriend on Greek, and his dreaminess hasn't faded in his new role. As one of the three dudes that Deschanel's character, Jess, moves in with, Greenfield's Schmidt is known for saying things that require putting dollars into a "douche bag jar." Together, the three-guys-one-girl ensemble is an instantly familiar gang of friends we wish we had. The pleasure of New Girl is derived from the feeling that you're in on a series of very well crafted inside jokes. And in terms of writing, well crafted jokes they are. This new girl is here to stay.For more reviews check out enter-detainment on blogspot!
I think this has become my kids favorite show :) They absolutely love this show!! AND, I don't have to feel guilty about them watching it :)
The grands love Sponge Bob, so this is perfect for them
Ken Burns' production PROHIBITION is done in the traditional format of Still photos and interviews and some file footage. The program goes into a fair amount of detail as to the origins, ramifications and impacts of this experiment in legislated morality. I particularly appreciated the insight the show provided on how much this part of our history has influenced the country we have become.
Charles "Chuck" Bartowski is an average guy working in the electronics department of the local BuyMore - average job, average friends, average life. He lives with his sister Ellie and her boyfriend Devon, and though both are lovely and supportive, the fact that they're both doctors (and that Devon is aptly-nicknamed "Captain Awesome") means that they're a constant reminder of Chuck's inability to get his life together. He's still hung-up over getting kicked out of university after his best friend Bryce Larkin framed him for cheating on an exam - and stole his girlfriend along the way.But then one day, completely out of the blue, Chuck gets an e-mail from Bryce. He opens it, and unwittingly has an entire database of government secrets downloaded into his head. Turns out that Bryce was a rogue spy for the CIA, and the last thing he managed to do before his death was send the stolen file to Chuck's computer.Now whenever he sees someone or something that's connected to international espionage, he has "flashes" that warn him of various criminals, terrorists and assassins in his midst (of which there seems to be a surprising amount in his neighbourhood). Enter Sarah Walker and John Casey. The former is a CIA agent that's been sent to find the missing data by feigning romantic interest in him, only to release that it's hidden within Chuck's brain. The latter is an intimidating NSA operative (and the man who shot Bryce) who is incredulous at the thought a man like Chuck could have a super-computer implanted in his brain.The two of them are relegated to monitoring Chuck (Casey as a BuyMore sales clerk, Sarah in the Wienerlicious across the road), occasionally drawing him into operations when they're in need of the specialized information stored inside his head. Just to add a little intrigue to the proceedings, Sarah poses as Chuck's girlfriend - given that she's stunning, all of Chuck's family and co-workers think he's hit the jackpot.Needless to say, you'll need to suspend your disbelief if you're going to enjoy "Chuck". MoreGet SmartthanSpooks, moreJames BondthanThe Bourne Identity, this show plays around with the spy genre, infusing it with comedy, action-sequences, pratfalls, wisecracks and romantic complications. Most of the premise is based on Chuck's fish-out-of-water experiences in the world of espionage, and thankfully the writers don't feel the need to turn him into an expert any time soon. Armed with only his technological know-how and sheer dumb luck, Chuck occasionally gets to save the day, though the heroics are usually left to the professionals.It's only in the relationships that things are taken a bit more seriously. Chuck pines for Sarah, but she has a dark history of her own that's gradually revealed over the course of the thirteen-episode first season. Comic relief characters such as Morgan Grimes (Chuck's best friend) and Captain Awesome are given moments of pathos and three-dimensionality. Chuck's relationship with his beloved sister is strained when his double-life starts interfering with hers. And eventually it transpires that there was more to Chuck's expulsion from university than he first realized."Chuck" managed to survive the Writer's Strike and went on to run for five seasons, bourn up by the breezy writing and the versatile acting. Australian Yvonne Strahovski is a real beauty, but manages to combine the lethal efficiency of her character with a real warmth and vulnerability, whilst Adam Baldwin was a shoe-in for the role of John Casey (he's basically slightly-less psychotic version of Jayne fromFirefly). Sarah Lancaster is a joy as Chuck's older sister, and Joshua Gomez manages to make Morgan's obsession with Chuck's life not quite as creepy as it sounds. But it's really Zachary Levi that carries the show as the sweet-natured, in-over-his-head Chuck, who is simultaneously delighted and terrified by the new direction his life has taken.It's all tailor-made escapism for your average twenty-something nerd, in which a shy and self-effacing everyman is treated to wild adventures and a gorgeous love interest, but with an overarching plot that plasters over some of the more one-off silliness.
Love this show... actors, stories, action.  Holds my interest for the whole show.  I hate to miss even one episode
I loved the format. If they writers had spent a little of developing a storyline for characters, it might have survived the cuts; I think the Goodwife is great example of this. They did lose a little steam towards the end, but I think he staff already knew they had been axed.
Highly entertaining TV show - can't wait to see Season 5.  One of the best written and acted series that I have seen.
Leverage, all seasons, is the best series for fun! A bit of suspense, and not much swearing that is hard on the ears.
Is hilarious it makes me laugh out loud and is my favorite tv show on tv you can forget all your troubles for the text half hour i always look forward to the next episode
This is a silly, fantastical, probably romantic comedy with an ideal premise.  One doesn't have to be a fan of sports or the genre; the wackiness of the set-up and the marvelous execution by the cast makes apparent this is one to enjoy thoroughly.  It seems to have no other intent than to entertain; and it achieves that goal with the greatest of ease.  This one will make you smile, giggle and laugh.
....though not quite. And excellent in it's own special way. I love the way it manages to be sweet in the family relations way, and yet biting at the same time. Excellent show!!!
Not sure if the other people who left reviews watched the same movie I watched.This movie is excellent for a B movie.  It kept my interest and was totally unpredictable from start to finish.  From looking at the preview, it was a nice surprise to see the ending.  It is worth the time and money to watch this movie. Samantha Lester is a great actor who I hope makes it to the big leagues soon.Also, I really hope this movie gets enough attention and advertising budget that people actually watch it in the theaters...
This second season is exploring new ways and avenues where bones are of course multiplying at leisure and for our best pleasure. Yet this second season is quite new in several aspects.First and foremost the season is widely open to personal matters and it explores the private, and at times not so private, relations between the members of the team, after the boss has been changed to a woman, which rebalances the sexual ratios. Bones herself is courting and going out with an FBI agent who has temporarily replaced Booth while he was sort of suspended and deprived of a gun after shooting a clown on top of an ice-cream vendor's van. But in the end she will not go through the process completely as far as leaving the Jeffersonian for a life of full leisure and farniente.Zack manages to get his doctorate and to be hired in the job he was holding as an intern because he goes to Angela and begs for help on his  look and manages to become presentable, which means he can now stand in court and testify seriously in a deportment that can carry the agreement of the jury. So far he is no longer obsessed by sexuality but he encounters a great difficulty: he is summoned by the White House to go to Iraq. But this time this reference does not lead to any political dissertation or even cogitation on the subject. Political questions are systematically and carefully avoided in this second season.Jack and Angela are finally realizing they love each other and even decide to get married and they finally find themselves in front of a priest (in fact a black priestess) in some church for the last step when the State Department steps in and reveals Angela is already married in some kind of broom stick over-jumping ceremony. More later, I guess.Booth is entangled in the hands of a British shrink after his shooting the clown on the ice-cream vendor's van and he is a perfect sucker, building a full barbecue for the shrink under the shrink's blackmailing procedure of retaining the document he must sign. This same shrink will also step into Bones' psyche as some kind of private counselor. Agent Booth and Doctor Brennan will not be able to establish some kind of personal relationship, especially since Temperance's father reappears in her life and even saves the situation a couple of times. But he has to be arrested by Booth and be brought to court for his ancient crimes, including the attack against the deputy chief of the FBI, though this one was crooked to the utmost, his lips kissing the heels of his shoes or something like that.Booth reestablishes for a short while a relationship with the new boss of the institute, Dr Camille Saroyan, with whom he had had a liaison some time ago in another life. But that cannot last more than one or two episodes. This is characteristic of all these people: they are unable psychologically or administratively to build balanced and normal relationships. Is it a side effect of their jobs or professions, we can wonder, or simply  personal immaturity?That level of the season blurs out the various crimes and cases they examine and solve. And these cases do not deal with political issues or even with immigration, except one case about some strange Chinese practice of burying the bones of a man with the bones of a woman so that the man has some company on the other side of the road. Most cases are plain simple crimes in America and among Americans. But they often deals with social problems like the mother of a severely handicapped girl: what can the mother do to help her child the genetic victim of a deadly disease that keeps her retarded, even if it is only for a short time before she dies? Some of these questions are crucial: do we have the right to experiment on human beings new treatments that would enable astronauts to reinforce their bones that get highly decalcified due to prolonged sojourn in space?Some of the cases are plain vicious crimes and it is fun to catch the killers who are most of the time not at all the one or the ones we were expecting. Suspense is always with us even if the personal and more sentimental level of this season makes that suspense not as intense as I would personally prefer it to be.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGID
It is not cowboys and Indians it is a country cops and robbers. This is not a game checkers it is Chess. Keeps everything interesting.
My wife and I really like this show and consider Holmes and Watson to be very well portrayed.  It's especially interesting that Holmes, brilliant as he is, is such a vulnerable, and I guess, all-too-human, figure, an unusual thing given his soaring intellect and obviously well-honed perception.
Always fun watching Alton Brown and generally pick up a trick or two for the kitchen.  Very enjoyable to watch.
This is probably my favorite of all the great BBC dramas. A classic story, beautifully made, with a splendid cast of characters. I love how many of the actors are from other beloved BBC shows. Amy (Claire Foy) is the evil Lady Persephone on "Upstairs Downstairs", Mrs. Meagles (Janine Duvitsky) the zany Jane on "Waiting for God", and Mr. F's Aunt (Annette Crosbie) the enduring Margaret Meldrew on "One Foot in the Grave". (I have to think Annette Crosbie had a lot fun playing her part in this movie!) Most delightful of all is Mrs. Clennam (Judy Parfitt) who plays the adorable and fun loving Sister Monica Joan on "Call the Midwife".I've watched "Little Dorrit" many times now, but I still always cry at the wonderful happy ending!My one complaint with Amazon is that it's broken up into fourteen short episodes. Originally on PBS, it was just five or six (longer) parts.
I love Duck Dynasty!  Love the characters and love the prayer at the table at each meal.  The only thing I'd like differently is if Phil and Miss Kay wouldn't talk about sex quite as much.
EVERYBODY PLAYS THERE PART WELL. COARSE AM WAITING FOR HER AND WADE TOO HAVE A SECRET AFFAIR.. LOL THANK YOU
My wife and I have sat here and watched every possible episode! We can not believe it! After all, we are of the age of the original Teen Wolf and Teen Wolf 2 movies!Who cares....great show...just don't tell our kids!
Spoiler Alert. In the season finale, our hero is shot and left bleeding on the kitchen floor.  I don't know how this happened, but then the network sponsoring this series decided to cancel the series!  The series had some good (not awesome) forensics, good dialogue between characters, and some reasonably good acting, which altogether somehow inclined me to give it a 5 star rating.
I really enjoy the competitiveness of this program.  However, I wish they would screen the contestants concerning the use of profanity.  Jake took it to extremes.
Castle is one of those shows to which I always look forward.  It is a rare combination of mystery, action, humor, and romance.  This show has it all, and Rick Castle does steal the show, without fail.  I am always laughing and absolutely glued to this one.  I hope it runs for many seasons.
I really enjoyed this si fi season and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys si fi as well. thanks
Love watching these people do the things they do to make a livingSome times the narration is a little dramatic but still a very good show
The writers do a good job of building the characters and giving them some depth.  Adding the NY boyfriend has ended up better than I thought it would.  Look forward to seeing what happens next.  Great easy, laid back entertainment.
Bit of a stretch on reality but good to consider giving special people opportunity and respect for them to use their special talents.  My impression is this does not often happen in real life. Worth the time and thought provoking.
Always an entertaining show. A combination of Perry Mason, Hill Street Blues, the Godfather and CSI as the McDeere's try to stay alive between the competing forces of the Mob, corrupt law enforcement bureaucrats and the Russian Mafia. A good show!
I continue to find a visit with keeping up appearances a delight.  Every one of these people are true professionals.  None of us would want a neightbor with hyacinth, but we love to watch others deal with her.
This is one of my sons favorite shows along with Bubble Guppies.It teaches him while he watches and doesn't realize it.Great show for kids
Too darn bad it had to end. The characters were well developed, the actors capable of bringing them believably to life, and a sci-fi plot better than most blockbusters - and which provided a deep well to fuel them FTL into many seasons into the future. What went wrong? I guess we may never know their Destiny.
One of the few shows that makes me laugh it loud! Quick humor ....so much fun!!I hope they renew it for many more seasons!!!
This is a really fun Sci-Fi.  The characters are all well done.  When this show came out, my husband I always tried to watch but missed many episodes.  This is just the best way to watch your favorite series.  No interruptions and when you want to.  Love this show.
Southland is a good crime drama. It makes you feel for the characters.It feels real. Police dramas that tells all sides of the issues are worth watching.
Love that this family allows us to get a peek at their lives.  Watched since the beginning and it started out to be curiosity, but now am so liking the family I watch because I like them all.  I relate to Janelles weight struggles.  I think the kids are nice children.  Sad how they had to leave there home in Utah, happy they are adjusting to there new homes.
Love AIL the Characters and watching Brennen grow... emotionally...can't wait for the Wedding... Bones and the rest make it a complete show...Again love all the characters.
I love this show not quite a western but old type values with modern day police skills awesome actors  I hope they keep it going
Fun story lines and interesting characters.  A modern day western set in Wyoming.  I love Walt Longmire and his idiosyncrasies.
This season had a lot more interesting stories and outcome. Still think they should watch the language though, would love to go on an investigation with them !
I think Liz abeth does a great job.  She is funny, smart, sentimental and a woman too.  All of those great things wrapped up in an alligator hunter.
I am one of those people who chooses not to pay for cable so I buy the programs I enjoy and know that will enjoy watch many times.  This series is one of my favorites and I have just about all of the seasons.  I really like William Peterson so I am not sure I will buy any more once he leaves in season 8 or 9.  I find that when I watch them again I see something I missed the times before so it is well worth the money to be able to have control over what I watch and when I watch it.
I Like The Way That Shaun Is Very Creative Because I Am The Same And The Cartoon Itself Is So Funny.
Panic is the one word that describes this show. Not only are they pushing equipment to find gold which requires some tender loving care, they push to the brink of failure. They are also racing against the clock which is an added pressure because their investors want to see a profit. The salty guys fight with the young miners-it can be a classic documentary on cultural conflict.
This plot is predictable, but these writers and actors are doing a good job of bringing it to life.  We always want to see the triumph of principle over greed and avarice, and in these two characters, they are accomplishing that without contrivance and with good heart.  it is enjoyable and I will keep coming back for more.
This is a very good animation of iron man and the characters and story line was very good also.  When I watched Iron Man 3 and they mentionextremis and I decided to watch the animation series again and I enjoyed it very much. But it is more for mature audiences than children.
I bought this series for my kids to watch over the holidays.  I already watched the first season and I loved it.  My kids are looking forward to seeing this series from BBC America.  I wasn't sure what to expect from BBC America but I was pleasantly surprised.  I was also impressed by the sets and the costumes.  I was afraid they would be cheap but I was wrong.  I highly recommend.
I'm going to come out and say it - I'm not a huge fan of the first season of MST3K. This episode is a classic and should be watched by any self-respecting MSTie. However, if you are wanting to get into the show, watch a few other episodes first. Werewolf, The Final Sacrifice, Devil Fish, and many others are good first MST3K episodes.
THE TAG LINE for Season Three of AMC's megahit, "The Walking Dead," is "Fight the dead; Fear the living." No joke. Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) leads his extended family to safety within the walls of a federal prison, clearing the grounds and buildings of zombies, only to face a deadlier menace from humans who are only a few miles away.The others, living in the well-fortified town of Woodbury, aren't so much the problem as their leader, a manipulative sociopath, who calls himself The Governor. Played in a brilliant, tour de force performance by David Morrissey, he defines the word "diabolical."And we all thought Merle Dixon, Daryl's (Norman Reedus) older brother from Season One, was a bad guy. Turns out Merle, played with redneck panache by Michael Rooker, is working for The Governor. It also turns out that, while Merle seems pretty much the misogynistic bigot he always was, he has become much more violent since meeting Woodbury's boss. Body counts among zombies and humans continue to rise while the brothers Dixon share a tragic story arc. Sad to say, we also lose some characters we've known since Season One.Still, each of the favorites - including new characters - get their moment to shine in these 16 episodes. The high-definition five-disc Blu-ray is the way to go, too. Scenes take on feature-film quality; color is rich and detail outstanding. I've seen these episodes at least three to four times on high-def TV. Now, there is so much new detail onscreen, I wondered if the broadcast material had been extended. It hasn't; it just looks that fresh.The sound, too, is exceptional. A Dolby TrueHD 7.1 immersive soundtrack carries dialogue, gunfire, effects and ambient sound throughout all speakers. I'm from the south and I've never heard cicadas sound so menacing.Extras include commentaries on Episodes 4, 5, 8, 9 and 15, with directors, producers and staff. Newcomer Danai Gurira, who takes on katana-wielding warrior, Michonne, is on three of them. Mastermind and executive producer Robert Kirkland also appears on "Made to Suffer."There are six good deleted scenes, the best from "I Ain't No Judas" with Carol (Melissa McBride) and Merle. It's been making the rounds on Facebook, so you may have already seen it. The scene from "Clear" with Rick and Morgan Jones (Lennie James, "Low Winter Sun") from Season One is also a standout.Which begs the question: Why hasn't "The Walking Dead" received any Emmy nominations outside of Best Prosthetic Makeup, Visual Effects and Sound? AMC has become the HBO of basic cable with shows such as "Mad Men" and "Breaking Bad." James should have received a nod for Best Guest Actor in a Drama. Several cast members, writers and directors should have earned Emmy recognition. Lincoln put heart and soul into a Shakespearean-like mad scene this season that played through several episodes. How about "The Walking Dead" as Best Drama, ok? The show isn't about zombies; it's about survivors. Metaphorically, it's about people who battle through the worst of times.Additional extras include eight short featurettes. "Rising Son" tracks the growth of young Chandler Riggs in his role of Carl Grimes, or what's it like to grow up during the Zombie Apocalypse. Riggs packs power and pathos into the role with astonishing maturity."Gone, But Not Forgotten," salutes a character lost during Season Three; "Evil Eye," examines The Governor, showing how the character evolved from Kirkman's comic book to screen and Morrissey's take on him; "Heart of a Warrior" focuses on Michonne and actress Danai Gurira, who brings her to life, while "Michonne vs. The Governor," explores that relationship, and "Safety Behind Bars" highlights the biggest set of Season Three. "Making the Dead" and "Guts and Glory" provides a short demonstration of makeup and effects.Give "The Walking Dead" a chance, if your taste runs to suspense, chilly thrills, and realistic characters to love and hate.Season Four premiers at 9 p.m. Oct. 13 on AMC.
After seeing the preview for this show, I thought I wouldn't like it.  Seeing the pilot completely changed my mind.  This world of classical music and the people who inhabit it and strive to find their place is something new for viewers.  I will be interested to see where the writers and actors can bring it.  My expectation is that it will find its niche in the viewing audience.
The cinematography alone makes Single-Handed worth watching the drama and thrills are along for a very enjoyable ride. I will watch all the seasons.
We really enjoyed Eureka. Has all the right ingredients for our type of Sci - Fi..comedy and drama with some thought provoking ideas thrown in. It's ashamed this series was cancelled while lesser shows survive.
I watch Hoarders on tv but have missed several episodes.  It was really nice to be able to watch Hoarders through the Amazon site.Especially without any commercials!  The program was clear and I had no difficulty watching it.  Would highly recommend usingAmazon Prime.
10/10 would watch again.Starts off intense and yet confusing, as it should, and then starts the build up as the characters we all know and love continue to work through the complications that have arisen in their lives.
Great show!  I love the way the characters have grown and developed through the seasons.  Whoever cast this show was brilliant!
This is a good series.  This is the granddaddy of all police series.  I recommend this series to anybody seeking good entertainment in this type of entertainment.
Basically a fish out of the water story about an oboe player trying to get establish with the NY phil. However, the storyline is weirdly similar to the LA Phil introduction of Gustavo Dudamel. This is a fun show with characters saying funny one-liners. Look forward to see more of the interaction between Gael Garcia Bernal and Malcolm McDowell. Saffron Burrows is a real treat with her sass and charm. It's an intriguing look at the world of classical musicians. I want to see more.
AMC is still making the best shows on TV, and this one is near the top.  It takes a while to develop the characters, but if you stick it out then the wait is well worth it.
After watching season 1 I couldn't wait for season 2 to come out on DVD. I only hope the show continues to season 3! (I hate cliffhangers!)  It is very refreshing from all the usual shows on TV. The show is very well done. There are very few shows out there that I just wish had more and would go on and on - this is one of those rare shows.  Anyone who likes to enjoy (a twist on) fairy tales and magic won't be disappointed.As much as I loved season 1, season 2 is even BETTER!  This season introduced us to Captain Hook - GREAT character!  I hope the show continues!
I hope Amazon keeps making this show. Better than most of what's on cable right now. Great cast, well-written, smart comedy.
Perhaps pretty unrealistic...but characters and the concept was an interesting one, and I would have picked to see where it was going.
This is a great show to watch with the young ones, however, it also has nice songs and a nice story line. My husband who is a big kid at heart loves to watch this, because he says it makes him feel good. So I would say this is a feel good movie. I like the color and animation. Looks great on my HD television too.
Great show, good acting, realistic yet edgy, but the best part from my point of view was the plot twists and premise of the story.  Wish there were more.
I really enjoyed this show.  Very funny and quick.  Wish that it had lasted beyond two seasons, especially given the sorry state of American television.
Such a good show. My daughter loves it, there is enough sillyness to it that adults should enjoy it too
This by far shows the gritty part of their job.  It shows they are regular people and should never be placed on that pedestal (like real cops).  Cuz when (real-life) the SHTF who will protect us; they will be protecting themselves and their families.
My friend and I watched these together.  It is very interesting how they solve these cases.
I loved the cinematography of this program. Excellent characters and well acted. Enjoyed the three seasons immensely, however I had to get used to the Irish accents. Love it.
Love this show.  We like well written shows that blend history, fiction and a great story.  We love all the actors and are happy the show is back.
As I've said in all my reviews, I love the Stargate shows SG-1 and Atlantis, not so Universe.  I like the way they spun off the whole Atlantis discovery as the foundation for extending SG-1 which was great, but ran it's course and was in decline at the end.  It allowed some new characters, albeit with familiar personalities, along with keeping alive some old favorites with vague tie in's to their ongoing lives as well as bringing Samantha Carter back for a season to head the program (in addition to all her guest appearances).  I think the 3rd season of Atlantis was its best.  I knew from the start it would have a shorter shelf life than SG=1 because the premiss had already been pretty thoroughly explored in SG=1. A whole new universe allowed for some new bad guys, but the SG teams and the predicaments they can get into are finite before they are like plots different show.  I enjoyed their greater familiarity with the ancient technology but being Hyperspace or Warp drives, the technology is simply a backdrop to the episode storyline and seasonal/show ones.  I couldn't have stood waiting as long watching Stargate for them to develop defensive technologies and fight the enemies effectively.  I enjoyed the show and season 3 was at its peak as it was becoming a formula rotated through the seasons by season 4 and season 5 it is hard to get enthused when it begins by them canning a long time character who was well liked by fans and characters, replacing her with someone that I would have enjoyed having run Stargate for two shows and then get eaten by a Raithe no matter how much they tried to make it fun watching him have to change his ways to deal with the realities of being in the field.  The characters had become familiar such that losing main ones was difficult in this season making for some heavy shows, but also began the rotation that made it less upsetting when one was lost.  The only thing that sort of always left me in question was how on Atlantis they dealt with exploring an entire Galaxy with a few SG teams while back in the Milky Way they had a ton.  I realize there were more finite resources in the beginning, but by season 3 they had the huge city fairly up and running and enough trade partners to support a much larger military presence which all things considered I think back home on earth they would have been cranking out as many starships as possible because in the big picture they would need a fleet not a couple of ships.  i know they added on, but over years given the stakes I believe an international governing body would be funding mass production of those things so there was always one by earth, one by Atlantis and others for missions and with force.  It is part of what started to become a little to familiar, the desperate situation with impossible odds solved by a miraculous discovery at the last minute.  Great for a show, or a movie, but when it becomes cyclical it eventually translates to a show formula and the interest just begins to wane.  I did appreciate the writing around the problems they faced were of their own making many times (waking the wraithe early, messing with the replicator programming, genetic experiments on the wraithe to make them human) and the moral questions they raise in parallel with the real world application of genetics.  How much knowledge is to much before we are dabbling in areas we don't have enough seem to be evolved enough to have in our hands as they represent to much power, to much danger.  But for Star Gate fans I think Atlantis was a comfortable spin off that allowed a few more years of enjoyment of their &#34;world&#34; but unlike the Star Trek franchise that dealt with all universes the &#34;world&#34; created via the stargates became to self contained limiting the growth of the plots.  Bottom line is by this season you know what your getting and enjoying it, where in the seasons to come it started to get old and thus the show faded away.  Good, even great for periods, but limited from the start by being set in the present.  Great run while it lasted.
A left wing comic attack so well written that I could not wait for the next episode. Highly recommended.Very well acted , you will enjoy every episode.
Every character adds to the comedy.  It is a clean family show.  There is no profanity, no sex scenes.  A great  TV show overall.
He does NOT suffer fools gladly.  He's so full of wit and wisdom.  There needs to be someone like him on every police force.  I wish more cops were like him.  He gets to the bottom of things and he comes to collect, and he will collect.  400 homicide cases solved - IMPRESSIVE.
Great show!  The characters seemed to mature this season.  Gripping drama, never disappointed as the story unfolds.  After watching the first 3 seasons on Amazon Prime, I bought this season to watch on a house sitting vacation - started Saturday morning - from episode to the next - awesome!
this show has done nothing but get better by the episode.  the first couple move a little slow (as is often the case with new shows) but they have really found their rhythm here.i grew up reading Gary Trudeau (yes i am a nerd) and was wondering how his storytelling would play out in such a different medium. fortunately he has crossed over quite well.the actors in this production are really terrific. when i said the show had found 'their' rhythm it includes them. they portray their varied characters with terrific ease.i voted Republican from the time i turned 18 until the second Bush took office. this show does a great job of showing what old school Republicans used to stand for. it does take jabs at the fruits and nuts on the fringe. but they've earned those marks.
am almost a fanatic when it comes to viewing DOCTOR WHO.will enjoy all issues of the doctor. watching season 3 now
The shocking opening moments of the fifth season of 24 literally blew away everything that we've come to know about the show.  Alliances are challenged, close friends are lost--all the while Jack Bauer tries to keep his sanity and find out who the real culprit is behind one of the most trying days in American history.The cast is perfect, the storyline is compelling, and the action is never ceasing.  This season had by far the most suspense as well as the most cliff hangers.  After I finished watching an episode, I usually wanted to go right to the next and watch it right away!  There is, however, a big plot hole in the season.  The fate of Evelyn Martin and her daughter was never covered, and I found that unfair; an entire episode depicted their plight, and I feel it should have been resolved, whether she was killed or left alive by Henderson.Any show that can make a person sympathize with someone while viciously rooting against them (i.e. Logan) is a stupendous show.  24 delivers all of that and more, with its best season to date.9/10
We love this series. The actors are great and the story lines are so interesting. It is very pleasing to see that Elmore Leonard's work has been successfully brought to life in this series.
This finale was awesome, it was tense, dramatic, action packed, it felt complete. I was amazed at how well they did this season and how they closed it out, very satisfied and greatfull for Burn Notice having been a awesome series for 7 years.
As soon as this is on my little one is mesmerized. She loves the songs and voices (9 months old)!!
Good clean and colorful fun for a four old.  I can always be sure that she will be entertained as she learns about the world she lives in
Justified is one my all time favorite shows. I had no idea it existed until I got Amazon prime. Awesome show.
I am a huge Dick Wolf fan. So when I heard he was making this show, I got really excited! I tuned in to the first episode, and the first episode is slow, but it gets way way better! It is the best new show of the 2012-2013 tv season!
This show was very entertaining and it is always good to see a show about football.  I hope it gets picked up!
I just purchased the first season of suits two days ago and I am half through the season. The show is funny, fast moving, and smart. I recommend the show to anyone looking for a good laugh and smart writing.
My nephew loves this show.  It is an effective learning tool as well as entertaining. I am an adult who likes cartoons so it's no great hardship for me to watch with 1 child or more.  For those adults who are not so keen, I don't think this show will task your patience too much.
Football, sex, humor, good looking women. NO brainer I will watch this, bring it out please Amazon. Football season is over and this would fill the void
I chose this season because I have the other four seasons and I love the show....not too fond of Iron Gates but she had some pretty big shoes to fill after Montegomery. It's fun and witty and the banter between all the characters is wonderful.
This season was way too short. Only 4 episodes! I couldn't believe it! Loved the happy ending for all. My sister called to say how sad she was also to see it end. Loved this show!
My grandchildren are so fond of this classic retelling of the Dr. Who series!  I used to watch the old ones with their mother, and now they look forward to it with the same enthusiasm.  It's great to have something they are excited about that the adults in the family do not dread!
Funny, snarky, so much like real life you begin to think you're part of a real family.Need more tv like this.
Season 2 of Eureka was just as good as Season 1. The writing was tighter, the acting was smooth. There were a lot more one off plot driven shows rather than multi-episode story arcs but very enjoyable. I highly recommend the entire run and Season two is a fine addition to both your collection and the show.
This is one awesome show, each time a eposide ended had to start the next. If you liked the original, you'll love this one.
I liked the addition of the newest mermaid.  Missed the young man who got the scholarship.  The series ended on a positive note with closure and enough side story lines for further spin offs.
I just started watching this show & think it's pretty good. There is a lot of violence, bad language, etc..., so it's not for everyone. But if you enjoy watching bikers ride & fight, you'll probably like it.
Unfortunately, this was the last season for this wonderful BBC sitcom.  I wish they had continued.  I would highly recommend this whole series to anyone who enjoys family sitcoms and British humor.  An excellent series.
Not since &#34;The Shield&#34; have I looked forward every week to seeing a t.v. show.A great villain always helps and Hannibal is a great villain. Well acted,good plot,slow season lasting suspence..Hannibal has it all. Im gonna buy season one and two!!! Haunting,creepy music too!
Surprisingly excellent series (surprising because I'd never heard of it before). If you liked Enemy of the State (Gene Hackman/Will Smith movie), this goes further and does an outstanding job of looking at the madness of total surveillance. The story is complex, the cast is extraordinary. What more do you want?
AND SO FAR ITS GREAT , DRAMA , SUSPENSE GREAT ACTORS AND A VERY INTERESTING PLOT. I HOPE THEY KEEP IT ON THE AIR! SO FAR ONLY TWO EPISODES HAVE AIRED AND BOTH WERE GREAT . GIVE IT A TRY YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. ONE MORE THING NOT FOR SMALL CHILDREN.MAYBE 13 AND  UP.
I have not laughed out loud when watching a series since Seinfeld.  It is absolutely hilarious and very well written. Highly recommend.
A wonderful film and would highly recommend the film to anyone interested in England and it's history.  Enjoyed the tour guide describing the different areas of the of the Estate, which made you want to see more.  Beautiful cinamatography  and lighting.
This TV series had me hooked and had to watch everyone.. I hope this will continue for sometime. If you like space/post apocalyptic tv shows this one is for you. Keeps you guessing who will make it.
The entire Justified series is excellent and the fourth season is no different.  It draws you in with an excellent story and bits of comedy thrown in.  I plan to own the entire series.
As usual, MacGyver is as exciting as ever.
Love police shows. This show was always full of drama, suspense and made you think like you were in their shoes. Wish it was still on the air.
In season one we learned Nick is a good cop from a somewhat ambiguous background, doing a good job as a homicide detective.  One day he has a surprise visit from an eccentric aunt towing an old trailer full of even older books and "tools".  He is even more surprised to find he, like his aunt, is a "Grimm", a member of an old family that has the power to see and kill "Wessen", humans who have animal like traits and can assume animal like appearances.  Most Wessen hide in plain site, and live normal and law abiding lives.  A few do not.Rather than pursue the Grimm legacy of killing all Wessen, Nick instead confines his Grimm activities to pursuing and capturing or killing only those Wessen who are guilty of real crimes, not just the "crime" of being Wessen.By season three, Nick has acquired a group of supporting normal people and Wessen to aid him in the task.  His veterinarian girlfriend Julliette, a reformed and now vegetarian "Big Bad Wolf" who fixes clocks and speaks German named Monroe who is a somewhat expert on Wessen culture, an herbalist and expert in Wessen alternative medicines named Rosealee who is a fox Wessen, his human partner Hank (who finds this all a bit bizarre), and others whom he has helped.Nick has also assembled a formidable group of enemies in the form of the Wessen council, and the Wessen Royalty that appear to be from old European families, along with the weekly bad Wessen of the Week that must be found and stopped.The show has a premise that could be very dark, but this cast and the story lines come out as what can only be described as charming.  Nick should be the star, and is engaging, dark and brooding.  But the very strong ensemble cast of regulars balances that with humor and consistent and engaging character.  Monroe the big bad wolf is principled and that quirky nerd that always seems to have a left handed comment that makes you want to laugh.  Rosealee is smart, very pretty, very cute, and mischievous.  Juliette is the raven haired beauty that really doesn't seem to have a bad thing to say.  Hank is the hulking and somewhat intimidating softee who delivers his lines in a deadpan seriousness that has just the right balance to be funny as well.And while Juliette and Nick may have been the intended romance in the first season, by the third it is clearly the budding and somewhat clumsy (on his part) romance between Rosealee and Monroe - who seem to be able to quip us to death laughing.Season three has caused the show to move to a balance of the weekly new Wessen and the increasingly tense battle between Nick and the Wessen council and royal line.  In this he has picked up an new and unlikely ally, his boss and police captain - who it turns out is not only one of the few "usually bad" sorts of Wessen (but isn't - or is he?), but is also an illegitimate offspring of Wessen royalty.Costumes, makeup, and special effects are good - but not so busy as to steal the show.  There is occasionally a bit more gore than you want the younger kids to see, and enough to make the older kids go "Koool!"So there you have it.  A weekly story of horror and terror that will leave you laughing and going "aahhhh".  The story lines are of less interest than the characters, but the stories are intriguing and different each week, with the background of the conflict with the council and the royals a continuing thread that the audience can follow as a lead-on for the following week.
This is just good fun. Silly and addicting. I find that I end up watching 3 or 4 episodes a night and then can't wait for thenext season.
This is a very good documentary and it gives the very reasons why illicit drugs in America should be decriminalized and their abuse should be treated as a medical issue.
Season 3 was easily far better than season 2 and back on track. The stories made sense and we are left with an easy transition to season 4.Hopefully the writers don't get too clever that they mess things up like they did in season 2.
I love the show, but, family out of state does not get that channel.  I brought the first two seasons and know they are going to love it.
My daughter loves this show. I watch young kids during the day and love that they can enjoy this show and learn good healthy lessons from the show at the same time.
A decade after an unexplained crisis changed and hardened the world, former farmer Eric (Guy Pearce) travels rural Australia, an itinerant lone wolf with a gun and a car.  When thieves, wounded and on the run after a heist gone awry, steal his vehicle, he pursues them with single-minded ferocity.  Along the way, he captures Rey (Robert Pattinson), the dim brother of one of the thieves, and the duo forge an improbable, hesitant bond over the course of their journey toward a violent final confrontation.  Though in the spiritual vein of The Road and the Mad Max series, The Rover, the second feature by the gifted director of the Oscar-nominated crime drama Animal Kingdom, definitely earns a place unto itself on the top shelf of post-apocalyptic cinema.Pearce, a magnificent actor with a subtle, but established industry presence in both the United States and his native Oz, has delivered any number of memorable performances in such films as L.A. Confidential, Memento, and The Proposition, but his turn here, a portrayal of Terminator-style drive disguising enormous spiritual pain, may be his finest to date.  From his physicality to his delivery of the character's relatively infrequent dialogue, he exudes a pure, foul, burned, bruised volatility.  The performance arouses both fear and pity in the viewer.  Pattinson, his head shaved and his teeth yellowed, is also an essential component of the film's triumph.  His striking catalog of tics and vulnerabilities (at once adorable and creepy) perfectly complements Pearce's hard-edged silence.  Various peripheral players come and go, each further shading and complicating the harsh universe encircling the two main characters.  Most memorable among them is Susan Prior as a country doctor, a healer and protector in a landscape tearing itself apart.  In her few scenes, she conveys a touching, unusual blend of the philanthropic and the pragmatic.The cataclysmic event itself may be left ambiguous, but the post-&#34;collapse&#34; world of The Rover is conceived and crafted with grit and imagination, drawing on visual peculiarities provided by Australia itself (such as ready-made suburban neighborhoods amidst dusty desolation) and various small moments which gesture toward the economic whole, including a raunchy store owner who, shotgun in hand, orders Pearce's character to buy one of his products or else.  The film also features memorable sound design, including an unconventional original score which lacerates and rumbles; its frightening ambient textures elevate the sense of danger and dried-blood unease.
How can you NOT love the Venture Bros.  The only bad thing is that there isn't more episodes made quicker to watch.  The Halloween special was a crack up and poor Hank found out the &#34;secret&#34;.
This one had me from the start. This pilot looks to be a character drama with  a realistic serial killer storyline to propel the narrative with a federal civil suit trial to keep the character development moving at an even pace. In essence there are two complete stories going at the same time that are about the same detective but each is showing a different portion of the main characters personality and psyche. support cast has faces from Fringe and The Walking Dead and of course Titus Welliver firing on all cylinders as usual.do not waste any time reading more reviews, watch this one. its 1 hour you will not regret having spent watching quality television. I really hope this makes it to series. you hear us Amazon? 5 stars. :)
My 4 and 5 year old love this series, but then again, they also love the movies. These shorter stories are very similar to the movies and perfect for a half an hour, which is more appropriate than many of the movies.
I have watched this mini series 3 times and I love every minute of it. Every part is perfectly cast. Every line is perfectly delivered!!! Perfect entertainment.
What else can you say?  Very good acting, outstanding writing by Kurt Sutter, and twists and turns that keep you riveted!
I've watched most of the pilots here and I have to say, this one is my favorite.First off, I'm okay with the fact that they had to use animatics because stop-motion is a long process. For the segments that were fully animated, it was gorgeous. I loved the lighting and colors. Stop motion animation is medium that is severely underutilized in my opinion. Pure eye candy. It's too bad that a some people will (understandably) lower their rating because of it being unfinished. The comedy is good too - really good considering this is only a pilot episode. I thought the stoner humor bits were kind of weak, but the rest was solid. Was laughing the whole time.I also really like the premise. Plain old joes working for the bad guys because they need the money, while the people who they work for don't particularly seem fond of their jobs themselves. This is all wrapped up in a Star Wars theme which can potentially create a lot of really interesting situations.Dark Minions is charming. It really stands out from the crowd due to it's animation style and premise.I loved the episode. I would recommend it to people who love all things sci-fi and silly. Really hope this one gets picked up.
This review is for the Mythbusters "Curving Bullets" episode. I was disapointed when I missed this episode on cable, so was happy to find it on-demand.The myths covered here are the Curving Bullets as found hereWanted (Single-Disc Widescreen Edition)(with Kari *very pregnant*, Grant, and Tory) and Sonic Boom Braking Glass (with Jamie and Adam).As usual, there is a good amount of humor in each of the segments and you can tell that they enjoyed shooting (pun intended) this firearm heavy episode. It was also great seeing the Blue Angel jets in the Sonic Boom episode.I will not say what the results were for these two, but it was a very enjoyable episode.Highly Recommended!
Well written, well acted.  One actually like the bad guys until one reminds oneself that these personable guys and gals kill people, sell and distribute drugs, etc.  However you look at it, Timothy Olyphant is a cool dude and a lawman to the core.
We really enjoyed watching Covert Affairs. We can't wait for the coming seasons to be released. We'll definitely buy them too.
Heisenberg rules! Bryan Cranston is a great actor. Im sad to see this series end but I cant wait to see how it does end.
Lie To Me is unique in that the science in the episodes is proven and real. The stories may be fictitious, but each episode is riveting and will have you stunned and on the edge of your seat. Everyone, male and female I have introduced to Lie To Me was an addict by the end of the first episode. I hate that it was cut after 3 seasons. Excellent actors, and has everything you could want from entertainment.... drama, comedy, suspense, you name it! I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone looking for something new to enjoy.
I'm a fan of Philip K. Dick, Firefly, Babylon 5, Star Trek (all), and nearly all else science fiction. I am both surprised and delighted to find a television series whose technological inventiveness intrigues me while simultaneously presenting it in an accessible fashion. Add that to some great dialog, and you have &#34;Almost Human.&#34;Two sarcastic cops, one of whom is not quite human, relentlessly insult each other while solving problems in a near-dystopian environment, all while working towards a gradual story arc. The episodes are interesting, the acting is well above average, and some of the one-liners are just perfect. I'm not typically a fan of Karl Urban (Kennex), but I find him very convincing in this role and have grown to enjoy his screen presence. Michael Ealy (Dorian) delivers hilarious and quality sarcasm, yet he presents a convincing &#34;serious face&#34; when needed.Though some futuristic technology is invented to support plot lines, it is done sensibly. The directors blend visual queues, incremental information, and dialog to gracefully introduce the viewers to invented concepts. Better still is that invented concepts are close enough to our present that little explanation is needed, making it seamless.Here's hoping to another season or 3. :)
I liked Damian Lewis, I thought he was very interesting to watch.  His facial expressionsetc. I was sorry for the show to be over.
It is different from the previous seasons, but definitely brings in the reality of life love and relationships to a whole new perspective.  Great job!
From the very first show I was hooked.  Long running series allow the writers to fully develop their characters are the job they have done is great.  Would like to see Zack appear in another show.  Was not thrill with the latest eposide.  Will wait for final judgment to see if I continue watching.
I've never yet read or seen anything which comes close to resolving the cause-effect paradox which time travel into the past would present. What I love most about this series is that, in the story's &#34;past&#34; (2012), no one knows (yet) what the effects, results, or &#34;rules&#34; of time travel might be. Apparently the future (older) Alec Sadler DOES know, but that just adds to the mystery - WHAT does he know? Judging by his behavior and expressions in the first episode, he apparently wanted or allowed this trip to  happen - but for good or ill purposes?I also love the future tech which the characters, good and bad, have brought back with them; the exploration of political and socioeconomic motivations; and the interesting, well-acted characters. A first-rate show.
Okay, I'll be honest... I haven't been seen seasons 2 or 3 of &#34;The Walking Dead&#34; because of work, but I had to have these limited editions.
Loving season 2! The first few episodes of season 1 had me watching with lights on. Season 2 hasn't been as frightening in the "ghost story" sense, but it has been terrifying on many other levels. The asylum setting (and the people who may or may NOT belong there) gives me alot of anxiety. The storylines are interesting. The writing is sick, twisted, and brilliant. And the acting is superb--Jessica Lange rocks it once again as a deranged and vindictive nun and Sarah Paulson is a sight to behold. This is not a continuation of the first season (come on people, do you NOT have internet access?!). Some of the actors are the same, but their characters--and the storyline--are completely different. If you are not enjoying season 2--you're doing it WRONG!
It is a very enjoyable series, the inspector is quirky and different. His sidekick helps to keep him in line and on track.
This show is so good it could easily have come from HBO or Showtime. Gritty, smart, suspenseful, and very well-acted, it is a wonderful example of its genre. But even if Bosch is excellent, do we really need another cop show?
I liiked the premise and the start of the series.  For the most part it was very interesting and made me want to see what happens.I hope this is picked up as a series but do worry it might be hard to make a interesting series for a complete season or even harder for more then one season.  It depends on which way the series goes but am willing to watch from what I have seen in the pilot.
I don't have cable and watched the first 3 seasons in a row. The actresses delight and Betty White is superb.
Sad to see the series end. A lot of Fact Finding and reality in the series. Shows what are the possibilities in what is taking place behind the scenes.
Glee can do no wrong in my eyes... However as they begin to phase out the original cast of students it's hard to adjust to the new ones coming in, but I DO LOVE GLEE!!!
I've followed the story of Temperance and Booth ever since the beginning and I am charmed, beguiled and in love with all the ensemble characters.  I also really appreciate the way they've all been allowed to adapt and develop.  It keeps the story fresh and original.  I know it can get a little silly and unabashedly romantic sometimes, but the scientific appearance and jargon, the excellent writing and the interaction between the personable charm of Booth and the beautiful remoteness of Bones balances it all out, for me, anyway.
The writing and story line are realistic and intelligent.  The actors are convincing.  I am intrigued by the value presentations in a legal aid and a corporate office.  These presentations show legal aid being caring and strict, and also portrays corporate defense with heart as well as profit.
Put together well. I use it to sleep =) Very informative but how are you supposed to know what's true and what's made up?
EUROPA RESPOT IS SOMETHING I AN NOT SO SURE ABOUT WHEN I SAW IT.  I AM SO GLAD I GOT IT. IT IS VERY ENTERTAINING.
Another show that is very well done. It can be dark but throws in a little fun. Great overall arc as well. A few characters can be annoying as hell. But what the heck, at time each shine and become more than a speck. Season 3 should be great too, with the set up they let off at the end of two.
We can pretend to experience the Hamptons while smiling at the entertaining, if implausible, medical adventures of Hank Med. Seems like residents of the Hamptons are prone to very unusual illnesses.
Lovely animation with just enough familiar characters and songs from the original Mr. Roger's Neighborhood to make it a joy to watch for parents and toddlers alike. Cute rhymes that stick in your mind like, &#34;When you have to go potty, stop and go right away. Flush and wash and be on your way.&#34; are great reminders for little ones about the right way to do things.
I love the premise, the setting, & the casts of this show.  Since I'm from the South, this is fun to watch to see what I'm now missing since I no longer live there.
THIS IS SAD TO ME. I ENJOYED GOING TO EUREKA. IS A GREAT WAY TO END THE SERIES. YOU WILL ENJOY THIS AS WELL. GOOD BYE EUREKA
Can someone please tell me how long the extended version is? How any hours and minute? I want to make sure it's the full version which I've heard is better.  Thanks!
THE ORPHANAGE is a terrific ghost movie.Not only does it have plenty of moments that will make you jump in your seat, and I can assure you that I did several times, but it also contains a very intelligent, human story that makes you care about the people involved.The exquisitely photographed Spanish-language picture (with English subtitles) was directed by J.A. Bayona and co-produced by Guillermo Del Toro.  The filmmakers describe it as "a Peter Pan-like story from the mother's point-of-view".Belen Rueda, in an award-worthy performance, stars as "Laura," a wife and mother, who with her family buys the seaside house that was once the orphanage where she was raised.  They have no sooner moved into the mansion when her son starts seeing "invisible friends," and shortly after that, he disappears.  Laura's husband (Fernando Cayo) thinks the boy was kidnapped, but Laura is positive that he was taken by the ghostly children in the house.Geraldine Chaplin has a strong cameo role as a medium.Leave the lights on for this one. Michael B. Druxman
Jason Statham can act, and this film gives him the license to step out from his typical roles, though I have to admit those are great films for him. That being said, it's nice to have him in a film with a bit more depth to it and watch him spread his acting wings. A well balanced story of redemption for a very flawed man.
I have become so addicted to this show that I wait till all the episodes have played before I start watching.  That way I can have a marathon and watch episode after episode and never have to wait till next week!
For sheer intensity and plot topsy-turvies, no other show comes close to 24. You'd think the premise (every hour of the 24 episode-long season is played in real-time; thus 24 encapsulates a full day) would get old by now, but, surprisingly, the producers and writers have managed to come up with another riveting, must-see season. In fact, this might be the best season of them all. The thrills and nail-biting suspense (as well as the SPOILERS alert) begin early in the season five opener, with the shocking slaying of President Palmer and assassination attempts on familiar CTU agents (one of which is tragically successful). Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is lured out of hiding after 18 months and becomes rapidly embroiled in a devious conspiracy that goes all the way up to the White House. As he becomes the most wanted man in America (he is framed for Palmer's assassination), he must try to ferret out the true culprit(s) and again save the country from deadly Russian extremists and various domestic villains. On a personal level, he must come to terms with the deaths of personal friends, the alienation of his daughter Kim, and the fact that his former girlfriend  Audrey Raines (Kim Raver) might have moved on.There's a reason why Kiefer won the best dramatic actor Emmy and why 24 beat out the likes of the West Wing, the Sopranos, Grey's Anatomy, and House for best drama. The fifth season is fully serviced by a coming together of story and acting - from the gripping, edge-of-your-seat plot line, with its manic twists and turns, to the no-quarters-given, full speed ahead performances of the cast, but specially of Kiefer Sutherland, who gives his all in inhabiting his role. Kiefer IS the show and consistently produces such driven intensity, lying just beneath an icy cold surface, and yet his eyes reveal a vulnerability of sorts, when he's reacting to something personal to him. He makes a scene work, even without dialogue. Very good stuff. And, no, you do not want to get in the way of Jack Bauer.There are other standouts, of course. Gregory Itzin as the shifty and weak-willed U.S. President makes you gleefully hiss, while Jean Smart as the medicated First Lady Martha Logan brings earnest soap-opera acting to primetime. Mary Lynn Rajskub (Chloe O'Brian) continues her highlight role as CTU's brilliant but cantankerous and socially-inept tech support operative. Meanwhile, James Morrison, Roger Cross, Kim Raver, Carlos Bernard, Louis Lombardi, and Sean Astin become the season's dependable, solid bedrock.That so many of the regular cast die in this season lends an immediacy to the episodes and exponentially raises the stakes. There's no comfort level at all here, as you're never sure who would survive in the end (but, with this show, were you ever sure?). Even Kiefer Sutherland had played around with the idea of having Jack Bauer biting the dust (Please, no!).So, the 24 - Season Five dvd box releases December 5, 2006, just in time for you to go thru 'em to prep for season six, which begins next January on Fox. Season Six, by the way, picks up nearly two years after season five's finale and will have James Cromwell with a recurring role as Jack's estranged dad, Phillip Bauer. Also joining the cast is Eddie Izzard, Kal Penn (Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle), Peter MacNicol, Regina King, and the beautiful Rena Sofer. I can't wait to own season five and, then, to see season six. Long live Jack Bauer!
Just to set myself apart from most of the other reviewers; I have never read, nor an I familiar with the Bosch novels. So I have no dog in the fight, so to speak. But, Wow. This was really good. Not only were the actors great, the direction was great, the story, the assured pace and tone, the amazing attention to detail, and they were smart enough to feature the apparent star of the series...Los Angeles. The pilot felt like a TV series that already knew what it was. It felt confident with it's story and it's actors. I don't know what Bosch is supposed to be like in the books, but damn if Titus Welliver doesn't feel right in this role. This series is a clear win for a series pick-up and it absolutely has me as a viewer. ***I just hope that my vote for Bosch doesn't hurt the chances of the other original series, Chris Carter's &#34;The After&#34; being picked up to series as well. It would be a shame to let either one of the two series go because both have great promise to become series that could be with us for many years to come.
The series is captivating and the characters are well chosen. I look forward to the seasons being made available. Watch at least two episodes before you make your descision to continue.
One of my favorite British comedies even though a bit dated. A very funny series that we enjoy a lot.
Damien Lewis is great in this role!  We really looked forward to watching each episode.  Would highly recommend this series.
Taking things that are said or taught through the years and putting them to the test and making it fun.  A great show for the whole family.  Great way to get your mind working and maybe inspire you to test something yourself.
The unique story line continues in season 2.  Jack Carter keep things in perspective by layman standard as usual. A perfect straight man in town full of mad scientists... I loved it.
The girls are back. The claws are out. Loving the dirty dealing, back stabbing. Sad without Lu Ann, but she puts in her appearance. Great drama. Watching.
Breaking Bad is the best television I have seen since the Sopranos. It is so well acted and so well written. I absolutely loved watching this show.
I love how much this show is about those awkward, yet hilarious family moments.  I adore their love for wine and wish I could join them for a beverage or five.  Courtney Cox is wonderful!
I wasn't sure what to expect from Europa Report, but I didn't expect it to be my favorite movie of 2013. Yet, this is easily the best movie I've seen all year.The story is about a human expedition to the Jovian moon Europa to search for signs of life. However, quickly into the mission, things start going wrong. The crew manages to reach Europa, but loses communications with Earth and finds something they didn't expect. While I wouldn't describe this as a horror/thriller movie, it certainly has those elements.Europa Report is told through pseudo-documentary footage. Sebasti&aacute;n Cordero utilizes the camera well. He captures the story from unique angles, which makes the movie much more interesting to watch than a standard documentary would be. Even more impressive is his use of silence or still camera frames. In space, there's nothing scarier than several seconds of a silent black screen.The characters are generally low-key but Cordero found very subtle but effective ways to give each a unique personality. Very quickly, I found myself actually caring about the characters. The acting is generally quite solid and the characters come across believably as scientists and engineers. Unlike say Prometheus, Europa Report manages to remember that its characters are scientists and that they are reasonable intelligent individuals. There are no horror movie tropes here. No idiots petting alien lifeforms and no contrived teenage romances between the crew members. These characters are professionals.Best of all, this movie never forgets the &#34;science&#34; in &#34;science fiction.&#34; While I can't pretend that everything depicted is scientifically accurate, the movie does at least respect science as more than just a backdrop for the story. There are aliens and spaceships, but more importantly there is the thrill of scientific discovery. The characters are motivated by their desire to learn more about the universe. The movie then raises the question of how far humans - and humanity as a whole - will go in the pursuit of knowledge. When the movie ended I actually found myself wondering how I would react if the Europa Report were real news footage.Overall, if you enjoy science fiction, Europa Report is definitely worth checking out. A pleasant surprise. Overall: 5 stars.
Good clean and colorful fun for a four old.  I can always be sure that she will be entertained as she learns about the world she lives in.
This is more a blanket review for Sesame Street than any particular season.  All three of my children have enjoyed this show, with my daughter (almost 2) actually seeming to be the one who is going to enjoy it the most.  She enjoys seeing most of the muppets and can name almost all of them, but for some reason she goes crazy over Cookie Monster!  She absolutely loves him.  She is picking up counting and some of the songs, and it manages to keep her attention for almost 10 minutes at a time sometimes, which is huge for a 1-year-old.  The best part is I don't feel guilty for letting her watch it.  I grew up on this show so I'm happy to be able to share it with my children.
The acting the writing the concept.....it has great replayability as well for viewing a second time. It's like silance of the lambs/six feet under/CSI all rolled into one quality show.
I love this show - I have been watching it since it started 13 years ago!  They need a new Colby!
What an incredble series!  Very well written.  Never knew what would happen next.  Extremely intense and you will be "hooked" after the 1st episode.  Anxiously awaiting season 2!!
Longmire is a unique western flavored modern day cop/mystery show that really develops the characters. Sheriff Longmire is an enigmatic character that is modern with a touch of the old cowboy spirit and ethics. He has the soul of a native american and it comes to light in odd ways.Every show has a really good mystery and it has taken two seasons to really show Longmire's mysterious dark secret. I love Lou Diamond Phillips as Longmire's best friend. His character is as interesting as Longmire's. The whole cast is great.The writers of Longmire really know how to develop a story and keep you engaged. I've thanked my friend many times for recommending this show. By the way... This is a very adult show and not for young children.
Pretty gory, but fascinating.  Somewhat difficult to follow because it is complex.  Don't watch this unless you can give it your undivided attention or you'll miss important parts.  Absolutely not for immature audiences.
I love this show.  It is very heartwarming to see a family series like this one.  It is witty, intelligent, heartwarming, and humorous all at once.  I so enjoy the costumes and the hairstyles.  I recommend this to anyone who loves history as much as I do.
The Ridels are always good for drama. The pomrankies are doing what they do the best get the gold. This is a great season for nome
The group in question is the Travelers--a band of con artists who have apparently been in the U.S. since the 19th century.  This show offers a glimpse into their world, and how odd and sometimes difficult it is for them to try to live among the rest of us.  Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver do some pretty decent American accents as the husband and wife posing as the Riches.Complications ensue as they attempt to fill the deceased Riches' shoes, working, living, and going to school among the so-called Buffers (non Travelers).  Never a dull moment, as they say.
I REALLY HAVE ENJOYED THIS SHOW AND I AM  GLAD TO HAVE THE FIRST SEASON TO RE-VISIT WHENEVER I WANT.
Love his character...and series. Cases of national importance. Hastings and Ms Lemon are perfect in their roles as well. Good stuff.
Much improbable stuff and yet you want her to overcome.  Even though you suspend belief that the CIA is anything like this, the characters are engaging.
Enjoyed it.  Hope there will be more shows.  John Goodman great as well as all the other actors in the show
This show is a little different from most  of your shows. Perhaps that is what is the attraction for it. I enjoy it very much.
My granddaughter has been watching the Guppies since she was two (now 4).  She is always fully engaged in the music and the story.  My  sixteen month old grandson remains mesmerized from start to finish.  We even use it at restaurants while we wait to be served.  Unlike some of the other cartoons available, an added perk is that the adults in the family enjoy the humor and cleverness as well.
Our number one choice for early evening viewing (too violent for late night). Glad to see the show has won so many awards.
I love me some Veronica Mars!  No, the movie does not give you all the same joy, anticipation and frenzied excitement as the TV show but it was a well done story of people who have moved into the next stages of life with all the decisions, dramas and regrets that can come along for the ride.  Throw in murder, intrigue, and a love affair for the ages...and you have one heck of a movie.  if you like film noir, suspense, and detective movies, check it out.Also, when you do, you support a movement. I believe that if we get a Veronica Mars movie every few years, they will just get better and better because the creator is committed to such excellence and has the vision.  Let's support it and keep the dream alive.  This has been a PSA brought to you by this one fan of Veronica Mars.
I'm not a country fan, but I love the music...more than I love the story lines around the singers.  Typical drama surrounding politics and the music industry.  The music is pretty good. That's what keeps me watching this show.
Helps me understand me
Watched all 5 seasons in about a month or so... whenever we were both home and able... it was super fun, quirky and just a good time. SOOOO sad to have it end but there were a lot of time travel, worm hole situations so I can bet it was getting challenging to keep it fresh! GREAT show!
It offers a lot:  it is futuristic, has some grit to it, character interaction is great, some subtle background stories, lots of cool tech and special effects... just enjoyable to watch.
This show had me cracking up. The cast worked very well and the they have talent. Ending was a little weird compared to the rest of the show but that is a very minor quirk. Really think this would make a great series.
This series has gone many places in the supernatural Genre. I like where its going in this new season. They have brought some new life back into the series. I enjoy it.
Ready for season 2
The excitement was great.  Love each episode.  Wish there was a season 5.Hate it when one of the good guys gets killed.
Very good show. Piper has gotten a little evil in her work, but that is more what an CIA agent would be I would think. She does a great job and I very much like the interactions and relationships with the other characters in the show as well.
The characters continue to grow and surprise us. Great family fun. Nice to enjoy as a family. My  kids love it, and so do I.
This is a great series &#34;who-done-it&#34; that combines the FBI working in conjunction with forensic anthropologists to figure out how a murder happens each episode.  It also mixes in the private lives of several of the FBI and anthropologists which is very entertaining.  This is another series I am completely hooked on.  Give this series a try; you will love it!
Hoping to finish it up before it expires on amazon.  It is very entertaining with the different types of anomalies and dinosaurs that come out.
Jane Rizzoli, played by Angie Harmon, is drop-dead gorgeous and so much more attractive than her partner, Moira, who I would describe as very pretty. I'm surprised that Moira is described as the attractive half of the duo. Angie is probably the most attractive actress working in TV today and she has a relaxed and natural acting style that is very appealing. In hot competition for the number one spot  is the actress who plays Becket, on Castle. And running a very close third is Attorney Reagan on Blue Bloods, and she is a good actress, as well. I wish I could remember their names; they are not unforgettable. Any one of them deserves the title of 'Best looking TV actress.'
Got this to help my husband keep his BBT collection growing. We both really enjoy the show and its even better without commercials.
I have two young girls and this is one of their favorite shows.  I always appreciate a children's show that encourages learning!
I really like The Mentalist. I would recommend this show to anyone who likes NCIS, CSI, and shows like that. The writing is good and The Mentalist has become one of my favorite shows.
I've always loved this show. I guess a lot of people do or it wouldn't still be running this many years. A welcome relief from the typical TV fare. In a TV world full of 90+ percent garbage this show always amuses me.
Love this show.  Took a coworker talking me into watching it the first time but after a few episodes I was hooked.  But I wonder why Nathan Filion keeps putting on weight - while Stan a stays pencil thin....almost too thin.  Perhaps he needs to fear how 'ruggedly handsome' he won't be if he keeps eating those middle of the night ice cream treats.  I don't a gone there is telling a model she's too thin.
I liked this tale.  It is very thought provoking.  It helps the viewer understand the price of having so much personal information on the Internet.  I have only watched three episodes but have enjoyed them immensely.
i am a huge fan of the books and i always knew it was meant to be on  TV. the pilot has the smart conversation and dark crime investigation thing down to a T. i love the cast and I would be heartbroken if it  doesn't go to series. need i mention i am a fan of the wire,
Great show absolutely love this series I hope it continues to stay this good. I would love for this show to stay on for years to come.
As usual AMC does not disappoint! Off to a great start toward the ending of this show. I look forward to it every weekend.
Maron's show takes you into his world of comics, cats, and misfits who weave an often funny but sometimes poignant storyline. The setups are much more intelligent than the usual sitcom, and Maron delivers witty insight into the goings on via his podcast set pieces. What I like most about this show is the simplicity: no fancy camera angles, no over the top bling, no pretensions, just basic story telling with good twists and turns. I hope there are more seasons.
The stories are totally absorbing.  The application of the science offered by the Lightman Group seems endless so the stories are never duplicated and ALWAYS exciting.  Each episode leaves you wanting more.  The main characters are  very interesting and their stories continue to unfold in each episode making the series even more interesting.  Season 2  is great.  Check it out!
Prison break continues to be a great "seat of the pants" show...Prison Break Season 3 lives up to the first two seasons.  I highly recommend the entire series.
However, with the denouement or unraveling of the characters and their prospective lives, some of the episodes in this season have become a little far-fetched and tiresome. Nevertheless, viewed in their entirety, I continue to rate them as a well written and entertaining series of stories.
Thougt it would be a another series that tried to use green arrow and not succeed .But I was surprised at how good it actually turned out.
When I first started watching Hannibal, I wasn&#8217;t sure what to make of it.  I thought it was just going to be a gimmick.  To me it seemed weird that they were going to make a show based off the books/movies.  By the end of the first episode, I was hooked and wanted more.  The first season delivered big time.  It&#8217;s dark, well-acted (Fisburne and Mikkelsen are phenomenal), the special effects are awesome, and there&#8217;s plenty of crazy murders.  I also feel that Mikkelsen makes an excellent Hannibal Lector.  His delivery is just perfect.  If you have not seen any episodes yet, I fully recommend checking it out.  If you are into shows with about serial killers with a dark element, you&#8217;re sure to love it.
I love this show and the characters!  It's entertaining and I find myself yelling at my Ipad while my husband is watching TV.  He always jumps and gets mad at me but I can't help myself!  Please keep watching this show so it never goes off...but I know that every show comes to an end sooner or later, just hope this is much later :)
I like Investigation Discovery but it also has some very poor quality shows. Crime to Remember is a high quality, very well made show, I hope we get more seasons.
I enjoy British mysteries very much anyway, but they are often very similar in style.  This one is different, thanks to Robbie Coltrane.  He really develops the character, showing all the weaknesses as well as the strengths, and his insights as a psychologist are fascinating.  He is supported by a strong cast, but he steals the show.
To me it paints the life of a &#34;storm trooper&#34; and I think that is the point.  Not all storm troopers wanted to be apart or agreed with the empire, it was just a job.  There's endless story lines to pursue and I want to see more.
We love Under the Dome.  It has a great cast.  The story is not predictable.  Somehow, a &#34;dome&#34; forms over a small town isolating it from the rest of the world.  Towns people can see out and hear certain radio frequencies from the outside.  The story revolves around how the people react to being trapped, and how they band together, and how they often fail to band together.  Lots of turns, lots of suspense.  Can't wait for it to start up again.
If you have ever lived in well many clanish area's of the USA you can see these characters must be based on real people.
Per the usual, Meyers oozes sex with every role.I thought his American accent was corny but maybe that was part of the show...I recently read this show is likely to be cancelled so if you don't want to be disappointed if the show isn't renewed then I would pass.They left a lot of room to develop the story of the secondary characters but I don't know how they could have prolonged Dracula's story, maybe if they started him younger like they did with the Tudors.
I really enjoyed this show, I hope to see more in the future.  A lot of secrets I did not know about.
ComedyFunEntertainmentSuspense of the Grifter kindThis is a fun ride of cons, twists and turns.If you figure out where it will end up you wrote it or are really really good at spotting a every minute detail while being psychic.If  you liked Oceans 11 this is better, you will not be disappointed.
Reminds me of a spin off of Batman or something but has two great story lines - one of his maturation and change on the mystery island and then of his activities when he returns home.  I watch these episodes several times - they are great fun.
My wife and I cannot say enough good things about NYPD Blue season 9. We both look forward to the next series. Take a chance if you've never watched NYPD it will captivate you and keep you tuned in.
Marshal Raylan Givens (Timothy Olyphant) believes in one thing, himself.  He doesn't trust anyone, and when he temporarily trusts someone it doesn't always come out as planned.  Hence why he doesn't trust anyone.  The great thing about the series is he is the fastest lawman in the territory and he doesn't take grief from anyone.  This leads to him getting whooped up once in awhile by the bad guys, rednecks, and other degenerates, but nonetheless you know what he stands for.  The storys are all good ranging from family feuds to a statewide manhunt.  Raylan is after the man that brought drugs to Harlan and that has been hiding out from the mob for thirty years or anyone else looking to collect the ever growing ransom.  It may remind you a little of the D.B. Cooper story and they did a great job of writing on this episode.  I highly recommend this episode and all the rest.CA Luster
I may not personally like it, but my kids sure do! Definitely keeps them entertained and the silly songs stuck in their heads :)
Revolution is an intriguing, addictive show.  The characters are complex and interesting.  No one is all good or all bad.  It is a believable story of what an apocalypse might be, at least in my imagination.  The acting is great and the production elements are well-done and very creative.  I love this show!
I find Grimm to be fun and entertaining.  Love all of the characters, they are funky and lovable.  The wesen are not all that fun, but it is a detective show, after all and there are good people too.
This show has inspired me so much to start creating things they make. If you love special effects and like seeing the real thing not CGI you MUST watch this show!
As the series goes on it becomes apparent, that you are watching the greatest zombie apocalypse based film work of all time (IMHO), and like all great shows ********SPOILER ALERT AHEAD********* (see the final season/episodes of Breaking Bad) no character is safe from death or injury, you know like in real life, where stuff happens to even the best of us. Shows without real consequences for major characters don't interest me. This show delivers on the promise of even the good have to go, and isn't afraid to take out anyone no matter how many fans love them or not. Story telling is front and foremost here, if it fits the story then off they go, no cliffhangers that always seem to rescue the major characters (Grey's Anatomy I'm pointing my finger at you and your plane crash, yes a couple of characters die but not one of the originals went anywhere). No Red Shirts here everyone is fair game. If you haven't seen the show from the beginning do yourself a favor check out the major streaming services and catch up quick it comes back October 13th.
Yep-Smart Alecs earning a living doing what they can do very well.  Good show. Entertaining and well written. Definitely not boring. So, I gave it 5 stars cause I like to see smart guys try to outsmart each other. And besides that, they are cute.
I think it follows the quality of the other 2 seasons without falling in to the &#34;same old&#34; trap.  It stays exciting but ends expecting another season, which as far as I know does not happen.  There is a movie I have not watched yet,  hoping that is as good as the series.  I have enjoyed the series enough to go explore what other movies/shows they have done.
love the showfunnylove how Esposito & Ryan interactlove seeing Susan Sullivan in great clothesglad they made the Martha Roger character less aunty mamelove how castle and beckett interactgreat series
This series went places I never expected. I can hardly wait to see where it takes me next. Ordinary people doing things they never thought they could do. Every single character has had a chance to reveal the skull beneath the skin, literally in some cases. Breaking Bad shows people what great television can be.
well done, makes one think about their life, & how easy things are even when things may seem difficult. Watching professional survivalists on TV is one thing, watching real people go with very little food for a month is another.
I wasn't sure I'd like this show, but I do!  It's a little... redneck meets the Walton's and I love it.  Plenty of learning points along the way as they get into some crazy adventures.
I had heard about breaking bad from friends for years, but in my quest to not spend so much time watching TV I resisted for years. I finally broke down and bought the first 2 seasons on blu ray and I can't stop watching them! Bryan Cranston is an amazing actor and I can't wait to catch up on all the seasons (up to season 3 already and I still can't stop watching!!)
Just in time for my grand children! A Carl Sagan inspired show that will keep my grand children interested in science despite or governments' lack of sufficient funding of the education and space programs in the USA. When my grand father was alive we watched Carl guide us through the Universe as the US led in the space program. He told my twin brother and I that someday we would be vacationing on the moon. Well, I doubt that would have happened but we are now truly lost &#34;Lost in Space&#34; when it comes to expanding the human presence in our universe. Carl would be disappointed....
After a hectic and challenging day,  there is nothing more pleasant and soothing than sitting down to watch an episode of Inspector Lewis.  It's Oxford porn - all that greenery and prettiness,  all those beautiful homes and cultured silly people committing complex crimes. I live in a very urban city and all that countryside and ancient buildings -it's just so visually beautiful.  I like mysteries - the guarantee of a solution within the show,  complexities answered,  everyone now ready for bed.  But I particularly like this show, which is neither too fast paced or too slow.  I love the interactions between the more working class Lewis and the priestly Hathaway, as well as the rest of the team (though surely Lewis can start dating one day soon...) Anyways this is the first of the series,  I have watched all of them and frequently rewatched them too.  It's a soothing pleasure.
This series is one of my all time favorites.  It has never sagged in its momentum.  I will be so down when the series ends.
Great acting, terrific scripts. . . Jonny Lee Miller is clearly not a one-persona character.  In Eli Stone, he was funny and ditsy.  Sherlock is darker and much more intense.
I love this series - elegant historically accurate costumes and backgrounds with outstanding performances and a director who tells it like it really was - this is one of the very few  films I will watch again.
Great show for young kids. My thee year old son loves Dora & Diego. Educational & entertaining for kids & will make them want to sing.
I didn't know sony made such good series. Wish season 4 would be released soon.It really is addictive to watch.
Okay, I was very uncertain about continuing this series after finding out that not only did the show lose Mitchell's character, but George and Nina too! However, because I have yet to see any bad acting whatsoever in this series and I've become seriously hooked on its particular weird cross of Supernatural meets Monty Python I decided to stick with Season 4. And I'm very glad that I did. Both the new actors who bring the characters Hal and Tom to the show bring their characters to life and continue to charm me. I don't really think of them as replacements for the ones who've gone, but simply new friends in their own right. And of course Annie is lovely and sweet, but shows us in this episode that she isn't quite the pushover that she used to be. The first few episodes of the season were a bit shaky for me with so many new people coming onto the scene, but this episode is the one where the new set of friends finally, really click. You get the sense that Annie has once again found a home with her new vampire and werewolf friends and the three are united in their efforts to keep a young baby safe from other supernatural forces that want her dead. Sorry, not giving anything away. If you want to know what I'm talking about you have to watch the show.Without giving anything away I'd say if you had been shunning Season 4, because you can't reach for the remote without sobbing then it's time to dry those tears and keep watching. Because the one thing this show isn't ever going to be is dull and boring.
Good family British programming sorry the seris ended truly enjoyed it... Keep the seris coming.. Good plot and stories a Must watch
Margo Martindale as Mags Bennett was excellent this role.  She put the fear into me!  Definitely deserving of the Emmy she received.  Timothy Olyphant continues to be hot, hot, hot!
More excellent lawman shoot 'em ups in Season 2.  We love this series....for anyone who loves modern cowboys who are smart and dead-on shots...this is for you.
I loved it and was hooked during the first 3 minutes of the show.  Interesting character and the interaction is great, really hoping to see more of this show.
Is this WildCats all grown up, I hope it will be better but I do like it a lot great show has promise
This show is the comic gem of the year! my husband and I laughed so hard, so many times, you all at Amazon, go on and put this up against Nurse Jackie, Episodes, The United States of Tara, and all the rest any day and it WILL hold its own. Too good for network TV, The Rebels is genius. You would be foolish to let this one go. Top three you should keep: Mozaer of the Jungle, The After and The Rebels. You left us hanging in those shows and at least my husband and me, wanting more! Much more!
Excellent show, great cast. Just hope they don't drag the show in some weird direction trying to get more viewers.
To me, Timothy Olyphant just makes the character he plays so believable. I love him and I love his nemesis, Boyd Crowder. Great show!
This show is super...the actors are super and I like the plots involved.  Very entertaining.  A definite A plus show..
Season 3 can seem confusing if this is the first season you're watching. The back stories on the characters are well developed and make watching the season 1 & 2 well worth the time. The actors seem to have developed their character's drives and complexities and thus seem real in season 3. I like that each of the main characters is given a chance to show who they are and why they do and react to the same situations that fit their character's personality. There is still the group doing police proceedures as seen from each characters perspective. Some have said it's like the show Grey's Anatomy but I see it more like the Law and Order shows. I enjoy seeing how the characters actions drive the stories each week. The writers have been able to keep season 3 fresh and hopefully this will continue. I appreciate the lack of soap opera cliffhangers that other shows use to keep the viewer "hooked". The acting and writing is solid and it's a good show.
This is a gritty grimy battle ridden story or story novel about the myths and legends of the vikings.  It is a history fictional be it of how the vikings are and were.  Another hit by fx.
I love this show so much that I would watch it every night if it were possible. truly brilliant plots.
Regardless that the topic may sound boring, I also find myself drawn in until the end of the program.  Modern Marvels may start with something from our every-day lives, but it always takes a right turn and we end up somewhere we didn't expect.  Highly recommended.
My 3 ur old loves this group of characters. They are bright colored full of happy energy. She laying snuggled in bed and watches laughing and giggling and yelling at he screen.Thank you
White collar has always been a refuge from long winters.  Most shows set in New York portray NY as this really gritty city.  White Collar usually shows  clean streets and sunny days.  And I suspect the truth is somewhere in the middle.
My kids love this show.  It is informational, not violent or does not have inappropriate language. Very G rated and fun
I love this show!!!  I love how they take an object that someone treasures and even though it looks like crap, they know that it has meaning for their customer and they want to enhance that feeling by bringing the object 'back to life.'  What a great job they have!
I love watching this program. I love to see what the chiefs come up out of the weird and sometimes strange ingredients.
I just discovered this program and I love it.  I just wish there were more to watch.  The characters were fun to watch.
Magnificent film. Well scripted, well directed and well acted. This deserved an academy nomination at least. The film is suspenseful and yet pleasant because of it's filming in the lush Welsh countryside. Saoirse Ronin shines in her role as young Daisy and all the children fit together as a film family like a glove. I just wish I knew who on this earth could have the British Army rolling backwards like that? Who is strong enough to be able to invade a Britiain which man to man has the finest army on earth? Tis an enigma. BUY THIS FILM!
My family is really into Curious George. It is entertaining for our 1 and 3 year old and me and my wife know them all by heart by now. There's interesting things for young and old in here...
I gave it this rating because of how this TV series was setup and how it keeps you involved into the series.
This is my favorite since, Firefly and Total Recall 2070.  It is an intelligently written show that has it all.  I look forward to each episode and I hope that the show lasts many seasons.
Loved this season just as much as seasons 1 through 3. I'm sure the current season is just as exciting. Now to catch up on the cutrent season. Love Amazon Prime. Hope I never run out of interesting programs and movies to watch. And also love all the other benefits of PRIME. It's the ultimate deal. Love Amazon.
Captivating series as I couldn't wait to start the next episode as soon as one episode ended.  The acting and writing is top notch.
I had never watched this show until I saw it on Prime. I took a chance to watch and fell in love with it. I loved the interaction of the characters. Just wish that three had been free too. Oh well, what are you gonna do?
IIt's a good season though I enjoyed 4 and 5 more so probably because of the former Director I thought she was great. And as some had hoped I'm sure for those whom are dedicated fans, probably felt that Gibbs and Shepard would eventually gotten together had she continued in the show. Not sure why they had to kill her off the show. But when season 6 got going with the new Director didn't like him at first. But as each season went on began to like him better. Now that they are doing season 10 and hopefully 11 next fall. All the cast fit well together it seems. Though have heard rumors that someone is leaving the show. I don't know for sure who yet. But if you look at reality of the show. Gibbs and Ducky would be approaching retirement age in the real life if they keep it that way. Unless Gibbs were to get promoted to Director or Assistant Director. Ducky even though I really like the guy with all the talk he does speaking of historical things as he works. I just hope if they do retire Gibbs or promote him Tony would be next in line to run the team. Then at that point Hopefully the rest of the team stays together they work so well together it's like everything clicks into place. The way they are. I guess I'll find out later when Fall season starts what happens next.
entertaining and interesting legal show. good acting, characters aredeveloped well. too bad after the 1st season it is not free with prime.
This was such a wonderful series. The acting was so superb. Why do series get cancelled and the trash stays on? I will never understand, but thanks to Amazon.com, I have streamed and watched every episode and will probably watch again. Yes, I know there will be a movie out next month, but that is just not the same is it? Better than nothing maybe, but this series was cancelled with so many open questions. Like ending in the middle of a sentence. It neve should have been cancelled. Such a waste.
I am a social worker and counselor who specializes in family violence and also case manager for adults at risk. I have been watching all the seasons of this fascinating show. What interests me in particular is how the therapists interact, establish trust, and help the 'hoarder' work through this disorder in a remarkable non-judgmental way. It is also very interesting to hear the 'hoarder's rationale for keeping things, and the loss and trauma that triggered them to start hoarding. In most of the episodes, I don't know how Matt, Dorothy, and Cory can deal patiently with these very determined and deluded people...most of them so angry and abusive when they sense the loss of control when their hoard is being disposed of, they seem very hard and resistant to work with and help. I have watched almost all of the seasons, but this one in particular featured 'hoarders' who were very mentally ill, in my professional opinion. This really makes me wonder how their aftercare went, and if it was successful. I like that the show doesn't always have a happy ending. Some ppl are so submerged in the 'hoarding' syndrome, it's doubtful they can change. ie: Hanna and her family.
I thought I'd go through withdrawls when I finished watching Lost but this show is just as good, what a find.From the same people who addicted us all to Lost, this show is so satisfying on so many levels.All about Fringe Science, alternate universes and the creepy &#34;observers&#34; who watch events in our world.The acting is great, the story and plot so complex - it's a joy to be savored.Watch this show from season one, otherwise you will not be able to follow what is going on.I'm just sorry that I reached the end. Would love to hear about a season six.
I watched the first episode of &#34;Hannibal&#34; with the assumption that it would be a rather silly spin-off from the movies using the Hannibal Lechter character as a gimmick. I'm happy to say that I was wrong!First of all, the casting is excellent. I think Mads Mikkelsen is just as good as Anthony Hopkins in the role of Hannibal Lechter, and Hugh Dancy is a very good as Will Graham. Laurence Fishburne, Caroline Dhavernas, and the rest of the cast are also excellent.One of the things that make this show so good is the cinematography. Their amazing use of color and shadow is something I would normally expect to see in a feature film. The use of color is particularly striking, giving the show an almost painterly effect, with some scenes using rich, super-saturated outdoor light and others using a submarine palette of blues and greys and blacks. My only real complaint about the whole show is that they tend to over-use the high speed cloud scrolling shots, but that is just nitpicking. :)TV shows usually suffer from indifferent writing, but so far &#34;Hannibal&#34; has raised the bar. The plots are logical and consistent, with just the right mixture of action, drama, and personality. I haven't even noticed any major continuity flaws, which is very rare.To sum up, &#34;Hannibal&#34; was a pleasant surprise, despite its somewhat gruesome subject matter, and if they can keep this up I'll be very pleased!Oh, one other thing that struck me as funny is that the show has a culinary consultant. As an added bonus it is Jose Andres, one of my favorite chefs, though I may never watch him carve into anything quite the same way ever again. ;)
We have all been awaiting this pilot since hearing that Amazon and Michael Connelly are combining talents to bring H. Bosch to life. If you love the Connelly's Bosch series in print, think you will love this version in film. Titus Welliver captures Bosch's moody, broody essence in expression and gesture. The pilot captures the complexity of Bosch's world and his depth. L.A. stars in the background.This pilot will only whet your appetite for more. I read the book this is based on and the film interpretation is similar to how I pictured it in my mind. This promises to be a compelling film. Can't wait to see the rest. Be warned ~ this isn't a complete show. It leaves you hanging, and just introduces the potential series. Please film the rest. It makes me want to re-read the book this is based on.If you haven't been introduced to Harry Bosch yet, you may fall in love with this introduction.
Plot twists never end! I really like Scott Foley -- his character is developing well. I keep hoping for Huck to find his way out of his trauma and the most recent episode gives me hope that his strength and intelligence will carry him to victory. This is such a fun series -- good to watch episodes a second time to catch nuances. I have never been so hooked on a TV series.
I think many, when looking at the main star of this show (Bryan Cranston) will have only really been familiar with him from Malcolm In The Middle. He played Hal, a simple Dad with simple values and an unbeatable love for his family. Who would have thought that he can take a character with the same basic love of his family and create something incredibly unique from that. In Breaking Bad, Bryan Cranston plays Chemistry professor Walter White who's married with a handicap son who suffers from Cerebral Palsy and a child on the way.One day Walter is hit with the ultimate bombshell as he finds he has inoperable lung cancer and has little time left to live. Walter realises that he can't assure his families financial security for the little time he has left being a teacher. He hears about a raid on a crystal meth lab that seizes millions of dollars worth of drugs which he decides that he must be a part of that. He knows how to make the best crystal meth ever seen, but not how to get it on the streets which is why he must enlist the help of his former student and drug pusher Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul).I honestly didn't have high hopes for this show as, although I'm a huge fan of Bryan Cranston for his work on Malcolm In The Middle, I struggled to believe he could pull off such a train wreck of a character. The family is a typical middle class American family struggling to take care of their disabled son trying to make him have as normal a life as possible. In a way I can relate to the situation as I'm disabled myself and know how much of a strain it can be on parents. Sure, it's not the same disability, but the family struggling through it is definitely displayed well and R.J. Mitte as Walter Jr. is an excellent fit. Although I'm betting he was only cast because he too has Cerebral Palsy, he still fits the bill and plays the character brilliantly.Fantastic, fantastic show. I don't want to tell you much about the seasons events as it is quite short and risks spoiling certain events. I have to tell you that there are times in which this show doesn't hold back. It has no qualms about showing you the brutality of a broken man fighting against his own sense of morality, joining the drug world and even dealing with the fact that he killed a guy. Oh and obviously he's dying and is reminded of that from time to time but it's certainly gelled together brilliantly.Just to wrap it up I can only really say this TV show is amazing in every way and I would highly recommend it to anyone and everyone. Bryan Cranston is a very underrated actor, but he's determined to prove himself for which he does a terrific job. When this DVD set comes out in the UK I'll certainly be one of the first to buy it.
Great season. This is one of the rare shows that just keep getting better. This season is all about bringing down Henry.
i saw the first 2 shows on amazon and it was worth buying it to see what it was about. now i am following it every monday night. hope they continue the show it keeps you wondering whats going to happen next. Its great!!!
Kiddo adores this show. She love, love, loves the music and asks to watch the songs again and again. She even tries to copy the dancing! She's also learned a ton from the show. All those Mr. Grouper let's think about its she has memorized the answers and not just repeats them, but understands them. She even memorized the songs down to who dances/sings in the background on each one. It's like a kid magnet! If I play this when we're traveling random children drift over to us in the airport to look over her shoulder! Usually when we're at home I let her watch one show a day after lunch/before nap and it's usually this, Umizoomi, or a Go, Diego, Go (she's animal obsessed). Hope she continues to love it because she &#34;discovered&#34; this around the same time as Sesame Street and she's very over sesame. This keeps going strong!
Well written, well acted and the directing is excellent. It throws in a bit of HPL, with some humor. The Grabbers are not particularly intelligent like the Great Old Ones, but they do have that &#34;look&#34; and they are aliens. I had a lot of fun with this movie and I loved the setting too. BRAVO!
I think Mr. Statham has found a franchise that captures his best qualities of his movies.  The character Joey Jones is The Driver, James Bond,  and Jason Bourne all in one with a bit of the Liam Neelson from TAKEN.  Captures a quality of Denzel Washington from movie MAN OF FIREI have watched this movie by rental twice and when it comes out I will buy this movie and thanks for the ending it sounds like they will come out with a sequel. I can't wait.  This is a MUST See in the Action Drama Movies.  Going to rent it again myself.  Favorite quote which I posted on Facebook already is: When I'm Sober, Healthy, Well... I hurt People. I'm Lethal. I drink to weaken the Machine they made.&#34; Watch out Jason Statham is BACK! Not that he really went anywhere to begin with. LOL
I am very happy with the degree to which episodes of Haven, while standing alone, also manage to push the overall arc of the story forwards.
I love this show! You know a show is good when it can make you laugh and cry all within a span of minutes. Humor for guys and gals here, really a gem!
This is a very interesting concept.  It is general psychic-type information given via electronic technology to a man who shares it to stop it or change the outcome.  While the information comes through very similar as it does to a psychic, it can also be very specific.  Still, the problems with interpretation become evident.  It involves human flaws, the growing awareness of possible multiple interpretations, and a chance to make a difference.  How does this affect ego, awareness of perception, government control, and more.  I enjoyed all of these shows.
Collin Morgan and Bradley James made for a fun acting team. Bradley James(King Arthur) thought Collin Morgan(Merlin) was a fumbling, timid man servant which frustrated Merlin to no end, but Merlin liked guarding King Arthur with his sorcery and the two were obvious friends in spite of what they said about each other.John Hurt voiced a wise, no nonsense Dragon. I'm sorry that the series only ran 5 seasons. I would find 20 seasons acceptable. All the parts were well written and well acted. (Oh producer....).
Started watching Dance Moms back during Season 1. We still get it now for my daughter. I loved watching the show but I am worn out from all the fighting and bickering going o in front of the kids. Getting a little too same story differ episode. Now I just scan through the show to the actual dance clips...
The Gate to Hell is closed, but not without it's consequences.  Demons are out, and now, Sam and Dean are in a race against the clock.  That year Dean has is wasting away.
Love this show. My only problem with it is that they make so few episodes. This could easily be a 22 to 24 episode production.
This is a great throwback of a movie that I'd say is a curious cross of &#34;Sean of the Dead&#34; and &#34;Tremors.&#34; It's very tongue-in-cheek, but has its moments of creepiness, and great visuals. Another good comparison would be &#34;Slither.&#34; Well worth a watch with your friends!
This documentary does a good job of pointing out just how important where you are born and to whom you are born can be. Wealth and privilege more often than not trumps intelligence, hard work, and determination. This documentary also shows the methods used to keep people in the other, less-than-desirable, and the un-desirable classes down not just around the world but right here in the US too.
..done with style and grace. Wow, this started off as interesting but was full-blown riveting by mid-season. The characters develop with the story and it's amazing how well-acted and nicely written the first season is.  Ellen (Rose Byrne) started off ok for me but became fascinating as the story thickened.  As tension boils over her character seems only to grow more and more subdued in expression, if not with a touch of melancholy, yet with power underlying an understated performance.  G. Close is excellent, as usual, having mastered the art of Queen b*tch, and Danson puts in a fantastic performance - wow, it's been so long since I've seen him in action. His character is simultaneously sympathetic and corrupt - a likable bad guy, though for all his corruption he still doesn't generate the contempt that Patty Hughes does (Close).  He hasn't shined like this since Cheers, and it's great to see him step back into such a convincing and full-bodied role even this late in his career.  Danson's charm still works to great effect here.  His lawyer Ray Fiske, is multi-faceted and excellent, as are nearly all the other supporting actors in the series.  What's not to like?!  Didn't I catch somewhere that Soprano writers or producers were at work here?  Wouldn't be surprising.  This first season is of similar caliber.
For a number of years, cable networks (USA and TNT) have been coming up with some of the best shows on television. Royal Pains is one of them. Enjoy!!!
I love this show its always so entertaining. I would def recommend it this show been watching it for the past few seasons.
Great I used to work for a co.  that did rehab for banks &private owners  I was really surprised at what it looked like when I came back in a a few weeks to see the transformation of a dump to a castle!!!!!
When Nolan, the jaded scavenging veteran at the heart of the new Syfy series Defiance, strides from the Lawkeeper's office early in the pilot episode, seasoned viewers will recognize the streetscape. With storefronts built of reclaimed materials and stacked cargo compartments, it distinctly resembles the Eavesdown Docks from Joss Whedon's Firefly. And for good reason, since both shows shows channel the same American frontier mythology.Frederick Jackson Turner's seminal 1893 essay, "The Significance of the Frontier in American History," identified the idea of frontier as the defining trait of American society. Crossing the invisible line from society to wilderness allows individuals to shrug off confining Euro-American stipulations of hierarchy, subjection, religion, and money. But Turner lamented that the closing of the American frontier, according to the 1890 census, marked the end of American pioneer fervor.Firefly, like Star Trek before that, rejects that closing by moving the frontier line off Earth's surface. New experiences and dynamic individualism remain for us to discover "out there." But Defiance alters that tack, suggesting that the movement of new species into our domain can open new frontiers where we are; the American pioneer ethos can be reinvested where we are. We need only destroy existing civilization to get there.Defiance's frontier myth doesn't need unpacked; creator Rockne O'Bannon splashes it across the screen in vibrant CGI Technicolor. Nolan's swagger, the city's ad hoc justice, and the contrast between settled urbanity and the vibrant Badlands, all bespeak classic cowboy heroes like John Wayne and Clint Eastwood. This essentially American ethos (enacted here, ironically, by an aggressively international cast) creates a fusion of past greatness with future promise.This creates a world where people are judged by their actions, not their language. Nolan's adoptive daughter, Irisa, repeats some variant of the statement that "promises are shtako" in the first two episodes, first at Nolan, then at people generally. (Shtako, like Frak, is Syfy's attempt to get vulgarity past the censors.) Though she speaks for herself, Irisa represents the morality of a society in which present reality trumps either past laurels or future intent.Action is defined by a code that enforces standards without recourse to external motivations. Though appointed Lawkeeper at the end of the pilot, Nolan shows less interest in law than in justice, especially retributive justice. Though he tempers that in the second episode, when distributing righteous payback to a fugitive could doom the entire city, he still sees categorizes vengeance as "do[ing] right by your dead child."Nolan and Irisa's stance puts them at odds with Mayor Amanda, who advocates order. It's impossible to miss the fact that the Mayor, enforcer of order and the social contract, is a woman. Owen Wister, author of the classic Western The Virginian, described civilization as innately feminizing. Not for nothing does Wister's novel conclude with the Virginian's marriage to, and by implication his conquest of, the (female) civilizing schoolteacher from Back East.To its credit, Defiance doesn't seem aimed at such blatant sexism, though it uses gender as a metaphor for social morality. The tension between Nolan and Amanda, representing vigorous male action versus contemplative female deliberation, has not at this writing turned sexual, though we know it will. It plays the same symbolic role here that the tension between rough-n-ready Mal Reynolds and elegant Inara did in Firefly.But law and justice remain beholden to power. Human miner Rafe McCawley and alien financier Datak Tarr use money to sway Mayor Amanda, and McCawley manages to buy justice from Nolan. Casting Native actor Graham Greene, famed as Kicking Bird from Dances With Wolves, as McCawley is a masterstroke. It demonstrates, without words, how the frontier upends power structures. In episode two, McCawley growls, "Predicting the future's a sucker's game." And how. Men like McCawley don't predict the future, they make it.Near the end of the pilot, Irisa muses to her journal about the gap between "the wild, open spaces where the weak are afraid to go" and cities, with "all the people jostling for space, sucking up the air." She could not have summed up science fiction better. From Isaac Asimov and Ray Bradbury to Mal Reynolds and Han Solo, science fiction has always dreamed of crossing the frontier. But they, and Nolan, demand we ask: how will we know when we've found the fight worth having?Defiance makes a good contrast to this season's other sci-fi spectacular, Revolution. Where the latter says social collapse will hasten anarchy, violence, and a Caucasian type of dystopia, Defiance has another vision. It sees collapse as opportunity, and survivors as pioneers, not victims. Like the difference between Carter's "Crisis of Confidence" and Reagan's "Morning In America," one seems more innately, viscerally American. Defiance is a mythology of hope.
This could be on a broadcast or cable network. It has great production value and Titus Welliver is very good as Bosch. This is an expertly done cop show. I'll watch more if it gets picked up, which it should.
I like this show but was expecting more King-like aspects.  It's very well done in it's own right and I hope they can keep the story going for at least one ore season.
This is the best of the three shows (SG-1, Atlantis, and Universe).  Too bad they dorked with the actors in the last 2 seasons.
Last year we sadly lost our beloved Desperate Housewives. In a gloom of that sadness, ABC brought us GCB, the cleverly funny satire on Christian women in Texas, that has/had the potential to take the spot of Desperate Housewives. The good Christian bitches were headed up by the incomparable and amazing Kristin Chenoweth as Carlene Cockburn. Carlene is the perfect Christian wife and mother, but she has her short comings, such as gossiping and backstabbing. The other GCBs (Sharon Peacham, Heather Cruz, Cricket Caruth-Reilly played by Jennifer Aspen, Marisol Nichols, & Miriam Shor) also had their own shortcomings and secrets. Sharon had gained a few pounds since high school, Heather couldn't keep a man to save her life, and Cricket was keeping the secret of her closeted gay husband. Their lives were as perfect as perfect can get (from looking in) until the day that their high school tormentor, Amanda Vaughn, comes back to Dallas to stay. The GCB's don't like that whatsoever and are determined to take Amanda down at any costs as payback for their high schools days.This show was filled with nothing but hilarity and great one liners, like the always funny Carlene always saying to Amanda, "Amanda, Amanda, Sweet (insert diss) Amanda." It's such a shame that ABC doesn't care about their fans and that they just cancelled GCB without even considering that it became a hit. I hope one day ABC or even another network will pick GCB back up one day. I would love to see another few seasons from these good Christian bitches.
The animation is amazing on Wishenpoof! Bravo! Very well done.The show had some really good lessons such as teaching children the difference between a horse and a seahorse. It also taught us that with or without wishes, we can help our friends in time of need because helping others is in our heart. Very cute.As a young man who is still in college at the time of writing, I give this show 5 stars! If this show is picked up on Amazon, I will be showing to my kids someday. Hopefully, the show will be on season 5 or 6 before I have kids. lolTo all parents: have fun watching with your kids. I promise you that you will laugh too. :)
I can't believe how much I am enjoying this series. The cast, especially Billy Bob Thornton is wonderful I love the way the story has been handled. Here's hoping they have another season (right away? Not possible?). I am so glad Amazon carries it as I don't have cable and would have hated to miss it.
As I sit there, watching men of action face death with a smile on there faces I long for my days as a US Marine again and a time when decisions meant life or death, friends would step in front of a bullet for each other and if they said it, they meant it. this is a story of real men (and some some pretty awesome women) who want to live a 'good' life regardless of how long it is... how could you not be drawn to a show like that?
Pleassssse give me more! I want to see what happens. Guess I need to buy the books! Superb cast, acting, writing, music, cinematography, setting. Great characters. This show gets it done right!
Put simply, if any of the subject matter interests you, Nova presents it in a comprehensible form coupled with stunning photography. One of the best &#34;science shows&#34; ever presented.
If you're a fan of the series SONS OF ANARCHY then you're probably aware of most of what happened in this season and want to pick it up on DVD to watch it again and again. If you're not a fan then you probably haven't seen it yet. I fell into that category and now find myself recording the third season which just began. This is a solid series that may take the low road, but remains interesting if nothing else.The Sons of Anarchy are a motorcycle club (what most would consider bikers), officially known as SAMCRO (Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club, Redwood Original). This group is the original band, the beginning of the club, though most have passed away. Originally started with 9 members, the club has expanded and as we've learned in season two is even international. Comparisons to the Hells Angels would be expected, but knowing their reputation for dealing in drugs and more the link isn't really there.The Sons deal mostly in illegal weapons and small time extortion, tending to protect the small town of Charming, CA that they live in rather than do it harm. They keep out drug dealers and meth heads, keeping the streets safe even if they do use a bit of violence to do so. The story never turns lose of the fact that these are dangerous men who do dangerous and illegal things and yet you find yourself rooting for them. Perhaps it's the biker mystique that has long been associated with freedom and a life without care. But those two things aren't found with the Sons as they have as many problems as anyone.As I said, I never saw season one, but from what I gathered, club president Clay Morrow (Ron Perlman) made the decision to take out a member named Opie and by mistake that member's wife was killed. At the same time, vice president Jackson "Jax" Teller (Charlie Hunnam) was trying to decide what to do about the club having read his deceased father's "manifesto" wherein he discussed the fall of the club should things continue down the path they were at the time of his death. Jax knows of Clay's orders but doesn't let the club know. He'd rather attempt to save the club than see it destroyed from within. Add to that the fact that Jax' mother Gemma (Katey Sagal) is now married to Clay and the plot thickens.But that's just how the new season opens. Not only does Jax have to contend with attempting to reshape the club in a new mold, he has to continue helping with the old. While attempts by the ATF to shut down the Son have failed, setting up a new source isn't easy. Ties to the IRA are slow moving and personal grudges between members of both groups won't make for nice bedfellows.Worse yet is the arrival of someone new to town, a businessman with ties to a white supremacists group known as the League Of American Nationalists (LOAN). Ethan Zobelle (Adam Arkin) is sly and cunning, something the Sons haven't faced before. Hiding any connection to this group from the locals, Zobelle has plans in motion that will change the face of Charming forever. With his hooks already dug into the town's mayor, Zobelle will use this force to shut down the Sons and take over the town, allowing all the things the Sons prevent from running rampant and taking his cut as well.Along with this storyline we find the Sons becoming involved with a legitimate business due to the wife of one of their imprisoned members coming to them for help. That business is the porn industry and while it may be unsavory for most, it's a legit moneymaker that the Sons need while trying to restart their arms business. It's a business that Jax brings the Sons in to and that Clay wants nothing to do with.The crux of the show pits Clay and Jax against one another for various reasons. At the core is the knowledge that Jax has of Clay's actions as well as the resentment he has for the man his mother married. But both men deep inside want nothing more than for the Sons to continue on. They just have different ways of seeing how that will happen.Toss in the IRA double dealing, an ATF agent with a personal grudge, a chief of police who helps the Sons as often as possible and a deputy chief trying to keep things straight and you have a decent drama going on here. Best of all it doesn't rely on weekly fist fights of motorcycle chases to hold a viewers attention. It actually offers a story and some great acting to go with it. Perhaps the biggest surprise to some will be Katey Sagal's portrayal of Gemma, a woman who sees herself as the mother figure for the club, trying to keep it together as well as keep the two men who mean the most to her from killing one another. Forget Peggy Bundy, this role offers Sagal something that she can display her acting chops with. And when a twist in the story involving her comes out (sorry, for once no spoiler on that one), you'll feel so involved in her tale that you can't help but feel for her.As I said, the series revolves around a group of men who choose what most of us would avoid for both a lifestyle and for a profession. But as for offering great drama it delivers in spades. The show will hold your interest from beginning to end. I for one found myself watching it and thinking, perhaps I'll put in the next disc and see what happens. The next thing I knew it was 5AM and I'd spent the entire night watching the second season and setting the DVR for season three. It is that good.A word of warning for parents: the show is seen on FX and like many of their other series is definitely not for kids. Slight nudity and extreme violence are the norm for this group and visible throughout the series. Just a warning for those uninformed.
Good writing, excellent actors, and believable stories add up to a wonderful series of shows.  I love each character and though set in WWII and though talky (British show, remember) and though no sex or car chases, it's one of the most entertaining series ever.
The show has one draw back, too few episodes for what they call a season. The show is fun to watch, especially with listening to that gravelly voice of Jane's. Waiting for the answers in the new 'season'.To Arrive In Time (Vorian Archives)
Me like. You like too if you watch. We like together. Tell others. They like. Much goodness come from this...
The cast is great. John Goodman is the best, but if that was just a guest appearance by Bill Murray I will be very disappointed. Bill Murray could make this show even better than how good I think this series could be. The production quality, setting and actors are all top notch. Very funny! I will def. keep watching. But, please....more BILL MURRAY!
Love this sitcom it is as funny as hell! Everybody should own this sitcom! Can't ask for more! Plus it came real quick and came in excellent condition!
Um, Where is episode eight? It should have been on air on march 3rd and on amazon by march 4th, but it is currently march 5th and, um, NO LOST GIRL episode?? Why?
The streaming & quality was great. The story line & details are fairly accurate to history. If you are a fan of the genre I think you will find this series highly entertaining. The Vikings were a warlike heroic culture so the hero's of this story might not be as endearing to the viewer as they don't exactly align with our cultures moral standards. That being said the acting is great & the set & costumes are awesome. The storyline parallels history & the characters are colorful & very believable. I am anxiously awaiting season 2 I have no idea how many seasons are dedicated for this story, but if season 1 is any indication this series is going to be a steamroller of action!
I wasn't  sure what to  expect  from this movie, but was pleasantly surprised. The acting is superb . James purefoy is awesome as the main character. A must see!
Innovative storage and optimum usage seem to be the basics of living in truly tiny spaces. I admire those who choose this lifestyle and the freedom it seems to bring them.  The designs are brilliant and it was great fun to see how you can make a small footprint live &#34;large&#34;. Enjoyed these segments very much and now want to throw out half of what I have!
London Hospital is the true story of this hospital's beginnings, as based on newspaper reports, diaries and other information.It gives a realistic portrayal of how the nursing professional came about, and how hospitals were founded.  The scripts are realistic, and the acting is great.
I'm hooked on the Unit, each Season has been fantastic!  Each episode has its own great story line and VERY action packed.  I love the characters, the story line of both the mission and the home front.  I was truly involved in this season and each episode!
Loved the show. Very interesting characters and a fully developed plot.  I would recommended this show to anyone interested in European history especially Anglo- Saxon history.
This is a great TV series.  Because the second season started and there was so much in the first season, we decided to re-watch the first season again.  It really helped to bring us up to the current season.
I absolutely love Sons of Anarchy. It is one of the best written shows in recent history. The story line is amazing. You never know what will happen. The actors are amazing and really bring the show to life. The show is a wonderful mix of drama, action and humor. Due to adult themes I would not recommend it for children. Definitely a show you want to watch after the kiddies are tucked in. The streaming is clean. I love that I can own the episode the next day after it airs. With a season pass I don't even have to remember to go purchase it.
Never knew where they were going to take it. Always left me on the edge of my seat and definitely cannot wait to watch Season 3! Always seemed to go where I thought it would, but in a different way. Very exciting season.
This production of Little Dorrit captures the viewer's attention from the first episode to the last.  The acting is, as usual, exemplary.  Somehow the Brits have cornered the marked on brilliant child actors; not a one failed to impress.
I am totally addicted to this show.  So disappointed that Season 3 is not Prime :/But it's a great show.
Like this series but I will do no more once per week.  I like watching episodes back to back at least two or three at a time.  I do that with any show I watch now.  I tried DVR but I hate commercials so much that even the interruption of fast forwarding  is too irritating for me AND I noticed on another show that they actually cut out part of the show in order to lengthen commercial times now.  I used my sister's sattelite to try the DVR trick.  I have not had cable or sattelite for eight years now.  That is how much I hate commercials.Anyway this show is great and in it I don't think there are any heroes for me the characters are al very well played and they are all vain , evil, and egotistical  to a typical human fault......
Authenticity is rare as duck's teeth, and worth its weight in gold. The Season 5 finale is really special, featuring Jase and Missy's wonderful, beautiful little girl, Mia, born with a cleft palate. She is an inspiration, a true Robertson. That girl can do anything! With a strong spirit, Mia has undergone multiple surgeries with courage, faith, and family. Missy's singing, in the song that accompanies the end-segment, is angelic. You also don't want to miss more of the playful John Godwin, blessed with a hankering for "ham samiches," and a unique voice that would be great for cartoon bears and other fuzzy creatures. Talent scouts should pay attention! Sassy little Miss Kay is a delightful character all on her own, a gentlewoman, and cook of many talents. Hungry folks will find many tasty victuals in herMiss Kay's Duck Commander Kitchen: Faith, Family, and Food - Bringing Our Home to Your Table. She also has a special way with her rat terriers - perhaps there could be a "Miss Kay the Dog Whisperer" special episode someday? She wonders if beloved BoBo and JJ might need middle names, and describes how they enjoy snacking on lizards. This is uplifting, wholesome, eccentric-American fun. Generations of the Robertson clan enjoy the fruits of the land, from frogs to delectable Duck-Wraps.I'm with Phil, the Duck Dynasty Godfather, on men who duck hunt in pink; we preferThe Jason Bourne Trilogy. Likely Phil was goaded into the unfortunate incident with GQ. We all get irritated and say things in bold-type that we regret later. It's not easy being a fierce man these days. A true individual, Phil overcame tribulations and vividly shares his story inHappy, Happy, Happy: My Life and Legacy as the Duck Commander.And goofy Uncle Si can dance and sing, Jack! Check out hisSi-cology 1: Tales and Wisdom from Duck Dynasty's Favorite Uncle. Thank you Robertson clan for sharing with us. This series is an inspiration to kick back and worry less. Enjoy!
Riotously funny stories that kids love and adults enjoy!
My whole family loves Doctor Who!!  Our only conflict is which one makes the best Doctor??  Number 10 and 11 are amongst the favorites!!
Jericho will always be my favorite show, hands down. I'm watching it for the 3rd time and have convinced most of my family to watch it as well.
I can't wait until season 5 is available.  Rayland and Boyd are both fascinating characters and their relationship subtly changes with each subsequent season.
Bosch is terrific in Michael Connelly's books.  Amazon has done a good job representing him in this pilot.  Can't wait to view more.
I would probably (at least I like to think so) love this series, even if Piper Perabo wasn't in it, BUT, to be honest, she is the main reason I watch this.
Split into two seasons, the first 10 episodes were fantastic viewing.  I genuinely thought the writing, acting and special effects in the first ten episodes were the best yet.  Everyone genuinely brought their A-game in the acting department and the stories are still unique, fun, funny and exciting to watch and  I'm very satisfied as a fan of Warehouse 13.  I can't wait for the second half of the season to air, the trailers look amazing.
It WAS a great show. Lots of Crazy-ness.It's too bad that Shane died , in the off season. No more seasons.  :&#8226;(
This did not disappoint. Can't wait to watch more. I love having a female star in the major role. Good to watch anytime.
I love every season on NCIS I am such a fan I own every season that is out there to have, the show is great the cast is great it is an awesome show !!!
Its great watching a show that is funny and clean to watch with whole family and Betty white is funnier than ever
Since I moved I can't get TV where I live so Tuesday morning I watch Castle on my laptop.  It's a ritual and all know don't disturb me Tuesday morning.  It use to be don't call from 9-10 on Monday night.  It has been a long time since there has been as rewarding a show as Castle.  Everyone connected with it is to be applauded from the script girl and drivers to the writers, directors, and leads.. Truly well done.  I own all the seasons and often run my own marathon.  Can't wait for 5 to come out,  already have it ordered.  I might add, being a great grand mother, this show appeals to all age groups.  There is something there for everyone.  Thanks again for giving us something to look at that is worth our time..
It's like watching a train wreck, so much fighting and back biting but yet you want to find out.  The girls and mothers have a really large wardrobe, I don't think I've seen the same outfit twice.  Really talented dancers especially for their age.
I can't stop watching this show. Just when you think you know what's going on there's some insane twist that has literally made me jump out of my chair and yell &#34;WHAT?!&#34;. I love it.
Thank you Amazon for this content! I have watched two episodes and I think it is well worth the time. I have not read the book, which I am thankful for since I don't usually like the movie/television adaptation. I rather like having a little time between each episodes availability to ponder the increasing difficulty of life under the dome. Imagination makes it scarier than having it spelled out or excessive gore thrown in. Looking forward to Episode 3.
This remake is a lot more believe able than the first one!  The characters are great!  Each actor does a really good job!  Vincent is very believe able in this show!  The feds are also believe able as being a secret government agency hiding something.  I recommend this for people 13 and older!
The writing is the best for a series!  My husband and I loved the way the characters evolved, but also the way compassion and unity always shows through, as well as humor.  We just couldn't get enough of it!  Please keep going, please!
Stan Lee is the man. I love all and every character he has created but spider-man is my ultimate favorite. this is a documentary of stan the man lee. one of comics most awesome and famous creators. this is a great documentary and everyone who is a fan of comics or superheroes should see this movie. this is a awesome film. I don't think the world would be the same if he did not come along. if you have not seen this movie then I recommend you do
This is simply entertaining.  The story lines are not predictable and are laid out like a chess game: one must be able to think some moves ahead.  That's the challenging part.  The relationships are complicated among the characters and this can create some less than simple story lines.  I like that but it's not so taxing that the entertainment value is removed.I like the travel aspect, the mystery, and the totally un-normal-ness.
This is funny stuff . Great writing and wonderful charatcers, terrific acting and truly great comedic timing all rolled into an internet classic. They are going to compare all internet comedies to this show for a very long time. Amazon has set the bar for comedy on the internet and its frickin&#34; high! The only problem with it is that its too short. An hour would be better.
I loved this show. I had never heard of it until recently and I'm glad I started watching it. Addicting.
The season 4 of Star Trek: Enterprise is dynamic. Captain Archer is worthy, ready, willing and able.  Making hard choices, shaping future contacts and conflicts, he lays the foundation for the Prime Directive.  Always a diplomat first and a warrior second, he laid out  the pathways for future explorers and Captains.I only wish there was more.
Well, he may be biased since he's a big fan of "George" but, my son loves this and we read him the book that we happened to have with the same title.  So....there you have it!  :)
Seriously, I wish this series had continued past just two seasons, it is magnificent!  Please make more just like it!
Who would have guessed a summer fill in would end being a cliff hanger, and then turned into a annual showI loved it.... and waiting for the next seasonThank You Amazon
i love this show and was curious how season 3 would carry on, but it is still just as dark and has all the twists, I recommend this show to everyone
love the show --we watch it and have a blast,  in this case dorks are wild.  keep up the good work
I love storage wars but I've already watched them all. Just wish I had more seasons to watch although I watch every season more than once they do get old.
Haven is a paranormal, mystery and thriller type television series that airs on SyFy. This was a great follow up to the first season!Haven is home to the &#34;troubled.&#34; Some residents cause weird things to happen. Most don't even know what they are capable of. Audrey Parker,a now local police officer, is somehow immune. She is on a crusade to help Haven citizens, troubled or not, and find out who she is.The town is full of great and crazy folks. Nathan, another law enforcement official and son of the Chief, partners with Parker and a little something heats up between them. And Duke, always and forever into something shady,  gives a hand when he isn't learning about his dead father.This is a great, adult, sci-fi series. The roles are well developed and very, very like-able. Officials solve various crimes in each episode, with each crime and ability different than the last. It keeps it interesting. Haven is not weighed down with heavy romance, which I love!
Since the loss of Stargate universe I have been waiting for a good series with a decent plot. This does show promise and I am looking forward to the coming episodes. I missed it when it was first released so I am rating it based on what I have seen so far. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did .
This is one of my favorites and I was very glad to find it as an Amazon Prime offering.  My bias includes the fact that I spent my H.S. years in Ft. Lauderdale and was always fascinated by the Everglades.  Now I'm living in Florida again and still love the glades.  I really like this series even though many of the episodes are not set in the Glades at all.
The animation is stiff, but the fact that is the B-side of Batman helps me overlook it. I hope the animation becomes smoother, but even if it does not I will still eagerly watch whatever comes out whenever it comes outAlso I do not easily give &#34;Love It&#34; to anything, unless I really, really do
The Cast is very top notch. Never boring. Always well-acted. Keep the series going. The whole cast were excellent choices
It is not typical horror movie and about horror , it is a life drama , story about "let go " from the past and present , interesting movie, there was moments that scared me as well as they was unexpected but the meaning of that you should understand when you finish watching the movie . It is not easy if you have no experiences , but for those that know how it feel to lose someone it could be clear what the movie was about.
For five years viewers of television have had the opportunity to watch a show that was interesting, intelligent, motivated at times by the cause of the week and definitely funny as hell. It's too bad that these sorts of shows never seem to catch on with the viewing public. Then again, given network televisions desire for an immediate hit and ridiculous choices to alter their schedules on a whim, it's easy to see why a deserving show might slip through the cracks or be lost amid the weekly shuffle. Such is the case with BOSTON LEGAL.After five seasons on the air, BOSTON LEGAL has closed the doors to the offices of Crane, Poole and Schmidt. Which is too bad for television audiences since another great series bites the dust to only be replaced with the cost effective reality show of the week or perhaps a star vehicle for the pet of some producer. Then again it makes for great news for DVD fans because as well as the show did, it was given the chance to be released on DVD. And this last season just released gives us the chance to savor the episodes from season five like fine wine.For those who have never seen the show, start with season one and catch up or perhaps I could give you a short summation of how the show has evolved. As it opened we were there to see the arrival of up and coming attorney Alan Shore (James Spader) who was coming off of THE PRACTICE, another great law series that ended before it's time. Alan has just taken on a job with the firm and walks into what will become the usual turmoil as one of the senior partners has a breakdown. Get ready because this is the norm.Spader's Alan Shore is a campaigner. He believes in a number of things and is the voice of the writers as they use him to defend the little guy and take on the big guns. Everything from big tobacco to pharmaceutical companies is tackled by Shore by the end of the fifth year. But Shore is not your normal attorney. Instead he is prone to rampant rambling while he pursues the justice he seeks in each battle. He's also a letch of the highest order, viewing nearly every woman he sees as a conquest while at the same time emulating the highest respect for them all.Shore's biggest defender is the firm's high ranking senior partner, Denny Crane (William Shatner). Denny is perhaps the oddest character on the show. A womanizer as well, Denny is so self absorbed with his own fame that he often just says his name aloud with the expectation that in so doing he will intimidate any and all around him, which it usually does. Denny is also affected with what he calls "mad cow" disease, the early stages of Alzheimer's. As the show progresses, Denny and Alan become the greatest of friends.Into the fold comes Shirley Schmidt (Candice Bergen), the voice of reason. Shirley is another senior partner and at one time the love interest of Denny until she broke it off. Shirley stands for the calm voice in the firm, the one who puts their foot down to stop the ridiculous from happening but who rarely sees her expectations met.These are the three mainstays who began from season one and who remained until the end. Their interaction is tremendous, especially the friendship seen between Crane and Shore. Each episode ended with the two of them sitting on Denny's balcony in the office, enjoying a cigar and glass of scotch while they ruminated about things that happened during that episode. As the series progressed, you were witness to the closeness, the bond that developed between the two. Theirs was a unity rarely seen in even the best of marriages. As a matter of fact by the end of season five the pair was petitioning to use the same sex marriage to be joined in wedlock, not out of physical attraction but as a way to circumvent the laws concerning spousal support and decision making as well as current tax laws. These two men genuinely loved one another as much as two friends can.By season five we also had several other main characters involved. John Larroquette was there as Carl Sack, a rather stuffy lawyer and love interest for Bergen's Shirley. His character basically replaced that of Rene Abourjonois who was the bad guy in the beginning (and who returns by the end). But Carl becomes as comfortable a character as the rest by mid-season five, making Larroquette's character another that you would enjoy spending time with.Notable is Christian Clemenson as attorney Jerry Espenson. Suffering from a form of autism, Jerry began as a side character that walked the halls with his girlfriend, a mannequin he addressed as such. He developed into a character with obvious flaws that fought his own personal battles as well as those of his clients. The character came along with ticks and taps and pops, noises and movements he made including clutching his hands to his thighs, but in spite of those problems he was one that we all loved and wanted so much more for.Tara Summers rounded out the main cast members at the end portraying Katie Lloyd, an attorney given the task of assisting Espenson. She also became the object of his affection though he steered clear of letting her know. The usual plot device of sexual tension between two characters was turned on its ear here as the duo often seemed on the verge of actually becoming interested in one another but instead moved in the opposite direction. At least for Lloyd's perspective.All of the lawyers involved in this series were far from the normal lawyers we've become accustomed to over the years as seen on television. They were a quirky bunch who would take on cases ranging from client's whose parents died of cancer cause by smoking to that of an elderly lady attacking the networks for programming shows aimed only at the youth of America while omitting that made for older people, a segment they proved made up the vast majority of viewers. Yes, both of these topics came up in season five and made for interesting viewing.Season five also brought about a number of changes at the firm. Shirley and Carl decided to marry, much to the consternation of Denny who has longed to reunite once more with Shirley. The closeness between Denny and Alan, as noted earlier, became deeper as Denny moved from the early stages of Alzheimer's to a deeper onset. And the romance that had lied deep beneath the surface between Jerry and Katie began to show signs of becoming a reality.All lose ends were tied up nicely with a big bow by series creator David E. Kelly. And new possible threads were put into play when he made the firm about to close and facing bankruptcy. A buy out by the Chinese made for an interesting storyline as did Alan and Denny going before the Supreme Court one more time, the epitome of a lawyer's career, in the hopes of getting Denny the right to use non-FDA approved medication to stave off his disease.Of the characters in this series each offered something special that made you care about them all and want to continue to watch them. To single one out might be considered slighting the rest. But for me, William Shatner deserved the highest accolades for his performance as Denny Crane. Saddled with the mantle of being Captain Kirk for generations of TV and movie viewers and as police office T.J.Hooker for the children of the 80s, Shatner shined as Denny Crane. Never once can you see him here and think of either previous character, a major coupe for an actor to do so. Denny may not always make the right choices, but by the series end, you have to be heartless not to love him.While this may sound like numerous details of the show it falls far short. These were merely some of the high points in twelve episodes that brought the series to its rousing finale. And through it all the cast, crew and writers kept a tremendous sense of humor about it all, often joking through the characters about the end. More than once a character would ask "Do you think this is a case we should take?" only to get the response "Why not, it's our last season", tongue firmly planted in cheek each time.Who knows how long it will take for a series to reach the heights that this one did. I am sure one will come along. But that right combination of writing, setting, cast and crew is a rarity in today's TV land. Until such time comes along when this happens, make sure you keep BOSTON LEGAL alive. The entire series on DVD is worth owning. And this one, season five, caps off a run that should be talked about for years.
Vera Season 1 & 2, a crusty, no nonsense lady detective who can solve crimes that are beyond human capabilities. The chemistry  between Vera and her team are spot on. Great show, caste and story line. I look forward to season 3.
I now own the entire series and have not been disappointed with any of the sets. Well worth the purchase price.
This show keeps my 3 year old entertained daily.  We've watched them over and over again and she can't seem to get enough.
New stories, new engaging character-types playing the original roles, and in many ways making them better, less broadly performed. And just as creepy as ever.
Brenda Blethyn is the perfect cast for this role. As DI Vera Stanhope she's at once unchanging in that she suspects everyone but also instinctively motherly to those she recognizes as genuinely in need of comfort and emotional support. She leads her team as a stern but understanding alpha female. She may criticize severely those who adopt flippant attitudes towards her investigative style but she never forgets her aides are at base as human and weak as she.The stories are written well and every one seems to be original. My only objection to this series, and it really is petty, is the dialect is difficult to understand for maybe half the story. After I watched half the program the dialect was easier to understand. Subtitles would help a lot. That is if they can be turned off at will. Still the series deserves 5 stars.
This was crude but funny and downright hilarious. One of the wittiest, funniest, bawdiest comedies. The voice actors hit their mark, the writing is creative. Certainly for any kids under age 18. My hubby and I only watch it after the kids are off to bed.
Educational and entertaining to the grandkids. Would recommend for anyone with preschoolers. Hope to see more seasons in the future!
Very happy with this show!  Great story line - I'm def hooked!  Connie Britton does an excellent job!  Will be anxious for season 2!
Well, it's great fun if you like extreme violence and soap opera. Normally neither one of those by itself can get me excited, let alone combined. In this case Kurt Sutter and crew have pulled off a masterpiece. It takes great writing, great producing, great directing and great acting to get me interested in the lives of people I wouldn't want to know, let alone be, and that's exactly what 'Sons of Anarchy' has. Sutter manages to borrow just the right amount of Shakespeare's 'Hamlet' and 'The Godfather' to make a show similar to 'The Sopranos' but from the bottom of the criminal barrel rather than the top. I had never heard of Charlie Hunnam, but this British-born actor is perfect as Jax Teller. Katie Sagal takes a dark turn from her usual comedy as the biker bitch queen who will do just about anything to protect her family, even when it's from people whose only crime is to not fit her twisted idea of perfection. She walks a fine line between &#34;saving&#34; her son and driving him away. Ron Perlman is also terrific as the king of the Sons, who not only has to keep his stepson in line but also keep him from finding out about his own darker deeds.The rest of the cast are also perfect for the roles they play, and manage to make a group of not-very-nice characters into someone we can consistently relate to, if not exactly like.
I am glued to the Computer while watching the show. I like female action rolls, but covert affairs seem to have actors that make each other shine in this show . I am stuck on this show and can not get enough of it. The whole cast works very well tighter. Thanka
I enjoyed this series , a show about what happens after nuclear bombs go off in theUNITED states. Some unlikely heroes emerge and a town grapples with their new reality.The writing is good the character development is interesting. Characters with human flaws but stillAble to hold on to that which is good.I enjoyed the first season and now watching the second season.
This is one of the best American cartoon series of all time. The production is made for each 20 something minute show on a movie caliber. The music and transitions are amazing. The characterization of seeing into the eyes of different antagonists (even the sociopath joker) to  and seeing batman as a man with odds with his own psychopathic tendencies and past mistakes.
I used to watch this show years ago, Michael J Fox was fantastic in it. And the plots are family occurrences that anybody can relate to.
If you liked Boston Legal you will absolutely like this show. The characters are well developed and the plot from week to week is interesting however sometimes I don't get some of the slang.
This concert is so so so so good!!!!!!!!!!  I'm 45 & I've still never made it to any concert in my life. This video filled in my long lived desire to see one. If you love P!nk....................GET THIS VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was hoked almost immediately on this show. I love syfy and for me -ts just a lot of fun to watch. Perfect mixture of creepy mystery, intelligence, and good story telling. A+. Cant wait to see episode 5!
Very funny show.The acting was spot on and the plots seem to have lots of places to go.A comedic version of House of Cards.This one's a keeper.
YOU FALL IN LOVE AND GET DEEPLY ENGROSSED WITH THE CHARACTERS AND YEARN FOR THEIR HAPPINESS AND SUCCESS. VERY ADDICTIVE. CAN'T STOP WATCHING THIS SHOW.
ONE OF THE BEST CRIME SHOWS OF THE CENTURY.FULL OF THRILLS AND HORROR.JAMES SPADER ISTOTALLY AMAZING PLAYING RED,LOVE THE SHOW
I really did not expect to laugh as much as I did at this show. I do hope this is 1 of the shows they decide to make
This show has to a must see for all those paranormal doubters out there. To see Amy pick up on so much stuff that is validated by Steve and his research makes the case for ghosts and evil entities are for real. Yea, its tough to get your head around it sometimes but then at one point in time everyone thought the Earth was flat and you fall off if you went too far. Humans are constantly discovering new things and achieving new things never thought possible. So to me ghosts which have been thought of for centuries are no stretch for me. I am just glad that people like Amy and Steve are trying to help people with these problem.Its certainly very informative and professional.
I thoroughly enjoyed this series.  Fantastic television for those who don't need the "boom, bam, biff" of cookie cutter crime series on network television.  This takes patience following the almost authentic details of the murder of a young woman in a major American city.  The back slapping, rotten core of politics, everyday policing and the destruction of the victim and the victim's family is dead on.  This is how everyday people respond to the devastation of a horrific crime, no ones an angel and life is full of contradictions. Someone really did their research and aimed at a smart, thought provoking, layered piece of modern day film noir and succeeded.  Unfortunately because the target audience (18-34) may not be interested the 3rd season may be the last.  This show might to do better on PBS to compete with British crime stories.  I'm loving it and am watching season 3 now.
I am in essence reviewing both seasons here.  This Stargate series was as good if not better than the Stargate Atlantis spin off and and better than some of the weak final seasons of the original Stargate.  Once McGiver left the series went down hill.  This series in the Stargate universe was actually very good.  The stories were quite believable.  (Of course they required the suspension of disbelief that all good science fiction requires.)  The characters were believable.  I particularly liked the super loyal top NCO.  He was hard core and your basic Marine hoorah type although I guess he wasn't a Marine.  I found the ending episode dissatisfying only because it left me wanting to see more, and I doubt if it will happen.  It deserves a final movie like Firefly got.
Wonderful music, educational about animals and the kids (and parents) get to learn Spanish as they are entertained. Consistency, repetition and catchy tunes all help to make this a very interactive show. My toddler especially loves learning the names of new animals that Diego, Alecia and Baby Jaguar help to rescue.
My four year old loves this show. It teaches a lot about getting along. There is always a moral to every story about sharing, getting along, or being a good friend. My daughter is four and she absolutely loves this show. I don't have to worry about what she is going to hear while she is watching it alone.
Fun and colorful. Letting your mind go as watch people go for their dreams. Drama and fashion all in one.
Love this entire series! All characters have stayed true all the way to this final season. You have to start at the beginning to truly appreciate and you won't be disappointed!
I love Meg Ryan and Timothy Hutton - I wish both actors were in more movies.  I didn't know what to expect with this movie but didn't think I would enjoy it so much.  Meg and Timothy really clicked in this movie and I think it is now one of my favorites.
Beautifully acted and written.  A great celebration of 300 episodes of solid writing and performances.  Bittersweet end with an edge of your seat journey getting there.  Highly recommended.
Well done series with great aliens, action and good story line - Keeps your interest for the next episode - Decent SciFi series special effects
This series is addictive for all the right reasons: well-cast, well-scripted, well-acted, with intriguing plots and the right balance of action and cerebration. More, more, more!
I have followed the Doc since Pertwee, feeling that Tom Baker was my favorite.  This new guy is interesting, still flippant, and solved this program's quandary with a leap back in time.  Hasn't got a companion yet, but you know he will.
It's about time that some good scifi made it to the screen.  This show is refreshing, and just a joy to watch.  You've got time travel, lots of cool tech gadgets, bad guys, and a good gal with sidekick, and interesting stories.  What's not to like?  I hope this show has a long run.  Looking forward to much more.
This show is awesome.  i got rid of cable last year (one of the best ideas i've had) but i miss shows like this.  i had no idea breaking bad was this good.  a must watch if you're like me and don't have time to watch much.
I did not miss the complete Season two I only purchased one episode; I never miss Hawaii Five-O but due to a Major Strom or Breaking News I was unable to record one of my favorite series. Thank God for instant video!
A different type of crime show that makes you feel a part of the investigation.  I especially respond to the interviews with relatives and friends of the victim/s.  Best of all, at the end of the broadcast, the episode completes with an actual ending.
I envy anyone who is seeing this film for the first time.  This film unravels a story of love, loss, betrayal, and tragedy so skillfully, that I was completely &#34;blown away&#34; after seeing it for the first time.  I think that this is definitely, a &#34;chick flick.&#34;  It is probably a little slow moving for the taste of many viewers.  However, if you have the attention span to stay with this movie to the end, you will be well rewarded.  The cinematography is beautiful.  The acting is excellent.  I highly recommend this movie.
I can count on one hand, the number of Network TV shows I watch on a weekly basis.  This is one of them.  I also have it in my Amazon Video Library so I can watch it again and again without commercials.  I like a little humor thrown into the mix of history, witchcraft and relationships.  Sleepy Hollow has it all.
Unlike the absolute stinker known as &#34;The After&#34;, Bosch is a high quality pilot from a book series by Michael Connolly that I am truthfully not familiar with. That said, I still loved this pilot episode and feel all the characters have been cast very well. Titus Welliver is great in the title role and I don't know if he will be a series regular if the show gets picked up but Scott Wilson (aka Heschel from the Walking Dead) is great as a doctor that works with Bosch. I have lots of friends that read the books that tell me they will subscribe to Amazon Prime is Bosch gets turned into a full series. Here's hoping it does- do the right thing Amazon!
Clara is a stabilizing ifluence on the Doctor, even if it seems the other way around. This series of episodes was fun to watch.
I love the imagination and creativity Olivia has.  My 3 year old daughter has a very creative imagination and finds a kindred spirit in this character
Season 4 gets involved with the characters' interpersonal relationships more than previous seasons. We also see how using artifacts to do good also can result in very bad outcomes. More people associated with WH13 die, some return from the dead, and some do not. I haven't completed watching the season yet and hope some things get resolved in a better way than so far revealed. I look forward to watching more, but also realize that the more I see, the closer I get to the end.
Loved the show, definitely my 2nd favorite after Bosch in this group of originals. Looking forward to more. Loved the characters.
As a western conservative Republican... "I approve of this video".  Amazon... you have to bring us more. Keep John Goodman in it, it's a must.
This promises to be as good as The Closer because we have most of the cast still intact, but also have the full time addition of Mary McDonnell, a truly accomplished actress (two time Oscar nominee).  She plays a fascinating character, eccentric, about 55-ish in age so lacking the vanity found in a younger actress, and able to command the men around her who feel they perhaps should have her job.  The two episodes I have seen so far have been great.
Even 'I' like it!  Great for 18-36 month olds.
Great suspense movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat.  Well worth the money paid and I hope this movie does really well with audiences at the box office...A+!
The premiss of this show is very close to that of Prime Suspect. I don't really care because it is a good show. I like the actors and the chemistry between them, even the negative chemistry. Definitely worth watching.
Really enjoyed watching the pilot of this show. Definantly going to be going through and watching the entire season, only wish the second season was free on Amazon Prime as well...too many of my favorite shows are ending up with that same issue.
It pains me whenever a season ends - the thought of waiting 8 months for the next episode!!!  WHY?!  It's torturous.  There have been very few TV shows that have this affect on me.  I am not into vampire shows, but this is different!  This show just cracks me up--a werewolf, a vampire, and a ghost become roommates, all trying to be normal, to be humane!  I love Josh!  He's a pacifist...how horrible to be turned into a werewolf when you're such a sweet person!  I don't believe in ghosts, but I adore Sally and where the writers have taken us with her. And I have tremendous sympathy for Aiden.  The balance between horror and humor in this series is surreal.  I really love the writers of this show and the cast is perfect, the acting, directing, every aspect--PERFECTION!
By far, the best finale ever. I love how they tied in all the other episodes from the whole series into the ending. I don't think I've ever been so pleased by the end of a tv series and I love how this series never got &#34;old.&#34;Great cast and characters, great storyline. I highly recommend this whole series.
See my positive rating of this series under Season 2.  Top Shot actually gets better with each new season, and without commercials, it cannot be beat!!!!!
Favorite show!  Kevin Bacon and James Purefoy give amazing performances.  It's a nail-biter every show.  The suspence is killing me- can't wait to watch the next episode.
loved the second part of the series.  wish there was a series III  and iv.  music was great.  all the stars did a fantastic job.
I remember Clark Johnson from Homicide: Life On the Streets. I loved him then and I love him now. He's still got it. I love his delivery. So smooth. And I have always, always loved John Goodman. The cast makes the show, more than anything. Consuelos always looks good in a suit. And he can act too. That works for me. I am not one for political shows, but I never got bored - and I actually enjoyed it. So far this is only Amazon show that I like. I'll be watching... PS - I am a Dem, but I did find it weird that only Republicans were focused on. The Dems have tons of political nonsense to poke fun at as well. You might consider throwing a couple in there for some counterpoint. Cheers.
I have really been enjoying rewatching the final season of Fringe.  I had been wanting to see it again and was delighted to see it on amazon.
Who would of thought that Carol had the killing spirit in her? It is great to see that Rick is finally awake and not sleep walking around the prison, acting as if all is right with the world and there is no more danger on the other side of the fences. Why, he even has started to wear his Colt again and given Karl back the only defense he has against the brainless, dead horde The whole group has to always remember that the dead fear no evil like the living do, and have nothing to lose in taking a lunch break..
I obviously like this show or I would not have bought the eighth season.  It is a good show always, and I love the characters.  So glad the season has been renewed
This is one of the best written and acted comedies on television.  I belly laugh at this show. Seriously - this is some funny stuff.
It nice to see a spy drama that doesn't feature the infallible James Bond type character in the staring role.  Lots of action and somewhat believable
Reign is am amazing combination of history and love.  The characters are wonderful, and I can hardly wait for the next one!
Terrific writing - fast paced and intelligent and oh, so funny! Kudos to Natalie Zea in her role (thought she was great on The Following, but isn't it nice to lighten-up a bit!) and the entire cast!  Sure hope this makes the cut!
OUR FAMILY HAD REALLY COME TO LIKE THIS SHOW,  SO GLAD ITS OUT ON DVD, SO WE CAN WATCH AGAIN
Why did this show go off the air? I love a strong  woman lead,who can be an intelligent ,solve crimes,and raise two children alone,because she's also a widow.The show is awesome even with the sub titles..which you will not notice after a while because it's that good.Great acting.
If you're looking for deep thoughts look elsewhere but if you want a funny cast and lighthearted entertainment then u need to see this show. The cast knows why you're watching and never tries to make it anything its not. Absolutely worth a look!
Amazing show. I loved watching this every week. This obviously has to be topics that interest you or you probably won't like this show I would imagine. As beautiful as the imagery and special effects were, I don't think they can carry you if you are not fascinated by what is being discussed. I definitely leaned more towards the space focused episodes, but all were interesting. Really well done, beautiful episodes. My husband and I were riveted every episode.Tyson was an excellent host, it was even better than the original Cosmos.I think I read this was supposed to only be 1 season but I would LOVE there to be more. We liked it so much we purchased this series so it can be rewatched. We don't have kids but if we did this would be amazing to watch with children.
The progression of this show has been good.  From discovering who/what he is to the point he is at now has been a great journey and it has happened the way I wanted it to.  I knew from the beginning that the great tension they set up would have to be addressed and I've been waiting for it... and now it's here.  He has even begun to discover new &#34;abilities&#34; that I had wished for right along.  This is a show that feels like it is moving toward a purpose.The acting is good and the interactions have become progressively better and enjoyable.Good show.  Give it a shot.
The show features two hoarders per episode and shows how successful the families, or sometimes individuals, were in making their homes more habitable. There's quite the range in degrees of hoarding. We're learning just how much of a disease hoarding really is. It's so sad to watch some people agonize to clean up their places, only to have them not get the help they need and repeat the cycle again.
I loved this show and am so disappointed that it is discontinuing.  The relationship between Marshall and Mary is so captivating.  I have to say I didn't like the way it ended, but was glad that it did have an ending and wasn't a cliffhanger.
The "new" Young Justice is still going strong. For those who are bugged about M'gann and Conner's breakup, don't worry - we finally get a few answers about that, though not all of them. The details we do get are rather unexpected. Let's just say that M'gann is no longer the sweet, naive little girl she was in Season One. Also, we learn more about Garfield Logan's transformation into Beast Boy, cleverly linked to the rest of the series' mythology in a new origin story partially revealed in the Season One episode "Image". (Watch that one before this, if you haven't already.) The same typically brilliant Young Justice treatment is given to the character of Adam Strange, who gets some great development here. Finally, we get an exciting lead-in to next week's episode at the end which promises answers to yet more of Season One's questions. Still no mention of our missing team members, however: Artemis, Kid Flash, and Aqualad. I hope they don't leave us hanging too long on that one.
I have throughly enjoyed the series The Americans. I hope they will continue to write similar episode's in the near future.
I am writing this review after finishing the "Who Shaves the Barber" episode, and I must say that not since Breaking Bad have I come across such a well-made, clever television show. Of course Fargo being a dark comedy is not of the same genre as Breaking Bad; it is, however, of the same caliber of film/television making. SPOILER ALERT: I think this one scene is the perfect example of how brilliantly made this show is: one of the characters shoots up an office, but the clever part is that the scene is shot not from inside the building but from outside and all we see are the windows and the camera follows the shots from outside the window (you can't see inside, but you can hear it) as the shooter makes his way through the office from the first to the third floor.  I can imagine seeing this way of shooting a scene in a movie but not a TV show. I always felt Breaking Bad went to such lengths to shoot a scene as the creators of Fargo are doing now. Just brilliant. It feels like I am watching a film and not just a TV show on FX.At first I was a bit put off by the Minnesota accents (I am originally from Minnesota). I just didn't think the actors, especially Freeman, really got the accent right. However, I believe that in this episode either I am used to it or they have gotten their accents closer to the real thing. I had really liked Freeman in Sherlock and the Hobbit, and I am liking him more and more as this show progresses. Billy Bob Thornton is as most people in their reviews is brilliant. The deputy Molly is one of my favorite characters. There are just so many famous actors in this show from the police chief to Molly's father. You will even see an appearance by Key and Peele.  The acting is stellar.I also think the concept of the picked on weakling taking revenge on everyone else who has belittled him is very appealing. It reminds me of Breaking Bad and how Walter White transformed from this meek chemistry teacher to Heisenberg. You can see Lester Nygard changing from this weakling to someone who is in control of the situation and who becomes the manipulator rather than the manipulated. It's very entertaining.
I wish it were longer than 11 episodes. I'd like to see them pull up a big treasure.  Treasure hunting was a hobby of mine when I was in my early 30s. Never found any of the lost GOLD in Arizona, or New Mexico though. Dry panned 1/4 ounce of gold, prospecting for a whole day in the hot sun. Worth about $9.00 back in the 70s.
I love &#34;The Neighbors&#34;!  It's a sweet show about tolerance and acceptance, and all of the actors are just marvelous.  I've watched every episode at least four times (and it hasn't been on that long), and still laugh out loud.  What makes it so exceptional is that, while it is definitely a comedy, there are scenes that have me reaching for the tissues.
love this series and Gabriel Macht is great eye candy Good plots and interesting characters lots of fun to watch
This season is just as great as the first season (if you liked the first one). The songs have changed up a little bit but they are still nice, my daughter really enjoys this show and I would recommend it to anyone with children 3+. The math in this season is also a little bit trickier and seems to also be advancing as they show addition and subtraction as well as counting backwards. All in all its a great show.
I've greatly enjoyed all of the Michael Connolly &#34;Harry Bosch&#34; novels and can't think of a better actor to portray this complex character.  Physically Titus Welliver is exactly how I imagined Harry Bosch and Mr. Welliver certainly has the ability to play the well-worn and wise Bosch.  This was a great first episode of hopefully a long running series with plenty of material with which to work.
Presently, science fiction is undergoing a bit of a renaissance in theatres.  There's been a trend for a number of years now to produce films which have stronger ties of very human messages.  With motion pictures like DISTRICT 9, MONSTERS, CLOVERFIELD, and even 2011's BATTLE: LOS ANGELES, writers and directors have been spinning tales about the increasing human cost to our sci-fi encounters with the unknown.  Some of them have focused more heavily on the action quotient, but, by these films' conclusions, there has been ample analysis of the risks to the `regular folks' when faced with the unknown, may it take the shape of aliens, monsters, or other organisms.  PERFECT SENSE continues in this same mold, upping the stakes for individuals.  This time around, it isn't aliens we're facing.  Instead, it's an inescapable virus.Two self-possessed young professionals - a gourmet chef (Ewan McGregor) and a epidemiologist (Eva Green) - find one another at the most trying time in human history: mankind is falling victim to a mysterious plague that robs us of our senses - one by one.  Can a cure for what ails them - the plague or their own narcissism - reach them in time?I won't spoil it, but I will say that PERFECT SENSE is a perfect winner of a film.  Its narration bobs and weaves back and forth between the standard linear - think any other story - and the documentary - scenes and images captured from the greater world at large.  The more we get to know our two principles, the more that's stripped away from them, only forcing us to understand them even more as they collectively lose their sense of smell, then taste, then hearing.  It's as much a cautionary tale as it is an old school romance - boy-meets-girl, boy-gets-girl, boy-loses-girl, but aren't they fated to find one another again? - is the best possible sense.  McGregor and Green's performances are comfortable and measured, especially when they're at the weakest - be it having one more layer of their humanity whisked away from them or when they're lost in one another's arms.  It's tragic and meaningful - sharp and resourceful - and, if you take it all to heart, you'll definitely come away with a tremendous appreciation for what smart science fiction looks like in the modern age.PERFECT SENSE is a product of IFC FILMS and BBC FILMS with participation from Zentropa Entertainments 5, the Danish Film Institute, Film I Vast, Bord Scannan Na Heireann / the Irish Film Board, and Sigma Films.  The script is from Kim Fupzaakeson, and it's directed with great attention to detail by David Mackenzie.  It all looks and sounds grand here, though I'll admit that I had to crank the volume quite a way up through part of Green's narrated voiceovers; I don't know if it was a fault of the original recording track or the fact that perhaps it was mixed noticeably lower than the rest of the piece.  Sadly, the disc only contains two features - a making-of short (2 minutes long?) and the trailer - and I would've definitely loved to have much, much more by way of commentaries and longer documentaries, giving more insight into this very special film.HIGHEST POSSIBLE RECOMMENDATION.  Poignant and relevant, PERFECT SENSE will challenge you to think about your life and the greater world around you in ways you may never have before, and it just might have you clinging to that special someone, lingering a few extra moments in her embrace or her scent if for no other reason than for it to remain fresh in your mind.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at IFC Films provided me with a DVD screener copy of PERFECT SENSE for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
i miss kelly and jill a bit and wasnt sure if i liked the new folks. (other than carole who i loved on sight and love more with each episode "im definitly coming on the trip now!")aviva turns out to be wacky but wonderful and her dad is the best new character ever. we ALL have embarrassing and inconvenient relatives who are beloved and mortifying at the same time. He deserves his own show. He is unfiltered and outlandish and the best part is her reaction to him. I cannot wait to see him interact with luann (who seems more comfortable this season) and ramona (who i actually like this season and who loves to revert to her religion when all else fails)Aviva and family (including her mother in law- herself a character) could easily have their own show. all in all very cool. oh- and of course sonja is her fantastic self. still love her.
Love this show very entertaining, great characters and they make you laugh, quite the sibling rivalry as well and an uncle who is a real redneck.
There is nothing boring about flesh eating zombies when they are created in such a way as to draw you into the reality of their nightmare universe. There are a lot of zombie movies. So far each one of these installments is as good as the best of these movies. There is no problem creating dramatic tension when, in any scene and at any time in any scene, flesh eating zombies can crash the party, but making us buy into the zombies in the first instance is brilliantly done and a dorky zombie portrayal can break the spell - hasn't happened yet.
This is such a funny, sweet, clever show!  I love the characters- they are all so lovable and fun.  I love the secret romantic undertones (btw Danny and Mindy) and that all characters have a fun banter in the office or in their personal life...  Mindy is hilarious and vulnerable and relatable.  This show always lifts my spirits! :) I gave it 5 stars but would give it more if I could.
Enjoyed the OZ theme and the kids enjoyed watching it.  I wish it was a little more educational.  But it was cute and was very positive.  I wouldn't have any problems with my kids watching the show.
You will love this series if you love action, drama, suspense, loyalty, to each other. It has a some deceit but not between the men in the unit itself. We can't wait to watch the next episode.
The battle with the aliens continue.  More introspect into the aliens desires and how the humans resist their efforts to survive.  More intrigue and new characters.The season ender was awesome with a new alien, but its yet to be determined if they are for or against the resistance.
The situations, the humor, the flat out willingness to resign all dignity and ego to create over the top characters for the sake of comedy makes this work a fun palate cleanser between weightier shows an life experiences.
I love this show, very addictive, the star Timothy Olyphant is great in this role.  You should definitely watch this show.
I think this is the funniest show on air currently.  Thumbs up for having a good cast that keeps it funny throughout the show.  Some shows are funny for example Melissa and Joey is funny but I don't think it keeps my laughing through the entire show the way Baby Dady does.I'm really hoping Danny and Riley get together and stay together.  I totally see it going there before this show goes off the air.  Her and Ben didn't work.
Great TV! So comforting to watch a cooking show that one has been watching for 15years and its quality and people have not changed! They answer many questions I have had about cooking over the years.. Not actors real people! Refreshing
With the world, and this country, in such upheaval, this series really hit home. Woudl I  react  as they did? who knows. And I hope I never have to find out. Me or my children or grandchildren. As I watched the episodes one right after the other I thought that this series could/should be used as a teaching tool in high schools and colleges. What would you do, how would you do it, Is any of it possible? Entertaining and frightening.
The concepts along with great casting and writing make this one of the best sci-fi series ever presented. I  am a life long sci-fi fan(not easily impressed) and  am currently engaged in watching this series for the second time. It's one for the ages.Don't miss it!
My family has had a great time watching this show. The girls get grossed out quite a bit, but it is real life at its fullest.Own your land and hunt on it. Always cook what you hunt.It is also funny had the gentlemen interact.
My wife and I watched all of Seasons 1 and 2, and found them to be entertaining, funny, and very enjoyable.  I particularly liked the fact that the show represented two people, acting as partners, who found each other interesting, but not sexually irresistable.  I was very sorry to learn that there was nothing after Season 2.  Surprising.  I would have thought that finding sponsors for this show would have been easy.  Maybe too many Christians afraid of Zen.
Watched Dr. Who since a kidlet, Matt Smith is excellent, Jenna Louise is a fantastic replacement for Karen - and of course the Daleks are the ultimate evil beings that cannot climb stairs! You either love the Dr. or you hate him, but either way you cannot ignore him! I'm a 100% Whovian so of course I am going to recommend this series - and now that Peter Capaldi is the new Dr., watch out for more fun and games!
Great show hope they continue. Great entertainment,just fun. Need more shows like this. Best arrow yet. recommend for anybody yes.
I can't stop watching it, and if I had the entire season, I'd probably watch it all at once. I loved Seasons 1 and 2, and this one is just as riveting. I won't give anything away, but this is a great &#34;who done it&#34; and police procedural and character study rolled into one.
Great show for my 3 year old! Keeps her entertained and happy, without anything that could be either over-stimulating or not age-appropriate. Love it!
Although these are repeats they are still funny.  I watched the shows which were devoted to animals and it was a nice way to just pass time and relax.  Even if you have seen some of these show, there are so many available that you will be able to catch a new one for you.  Nice to watch with the family too.
I love Jessica Lange, she is riveting in her roles, and never disappoints me.  This was a good drama, with a supernatural twist.
The beginning of "Hawaii Five-O" Season Two finds the Five-O team disbanded, thanks to an insidious and devastating attack by the gangster Wo Fat at the end of Season One.  Team leader Steve McGarrett (Alex O'Loughlin) is in jail, accused of murdering the governor.  Kono (Grace Park) is under investigation by HPD internal affairs and facing the loss of her badge.  Danny Williams (Scott Caan) is off the force and mourning the departure from Hawaii of his former wife and child.  Only Chin Ho Kelly (Daniel Dae Kim) still has a badge and a chance to put things right.Help comes in the form of Commander Joe White (Terry O'Quin), McGarrett's former SEAL mentor, who helps Chin Ho resurrect the team.  On probation with the new governor, the team must accept a new member, former FBI agent Lori Weston (Lauren German) who is supposed to ride herd on the unorthodox McGarrett, but who may have another agenda.  Meanwhile, former CIA analyst Jenna Kaye departs the team under mysterious circumstances, as the villainous Wo Fat tidies up the loose ends of his plot.  And how will Kono be redeemed from her banishment?The second season features the Five-O team tackling exciting crime-of-the-week challenges in Hawaii, while McGarrett continues to pursue the investigation initiated by his father and that resulted in his murder.  However, it appears that investigation is leading to dark, dangerous, and confusing waters involving the CIA, Wo Fat, corrupt officials and perhaps even members of the Five-O team.  Stay tuned for the excitement, including a couple of exciting cross-overs with NCIS-LA's agents.  Season Two is highly recommended to "Hawaii Five-O" fans.
We purchased this title from Amazon in July of 2014 because the story was compelling enough that we couldn't wait what we guess would be 6 months for the title to be added to Amazon Prime.  It would be nice of Amazon to publish a calendar of when titles like this will be added to Amazon Prime so that customers don't have to guess.We binge watched the first four seasons on Amazon Prime without additional cost.  After hunting for a low-cost Season 5, we couldn't find it on DVD or on the FX site; so, we decided to buy the season digitally.  We were pleased with the quality and delivery and immediate availability.  I expect that this title will be added to Amazon Prime when Season 6 comes out.  FX announced that Season 6 will be the last season.  Based on the previous seasons' original air dates, we predict that Season 6 will premier sometime in January 2015.
This is by far one of the best written and most historically acurate shows I have seen in a long time. Stumbled across the first series a week ago and have spent every evening since watching it. It is interesting and pulls you in. Would recommend to anyone!
This is a HILARIOUS SHOW!  Each actor has been perfectly picked for their role. I love Betty White. I think this is the best series she's ever starred in. They all have great chemistry with each other. You can tell they genuinely live working together. Great guest stars too.
Anything Dr. Who related gets my vote. Anything that has lasted as long as the Dr Who saga is based on rock steady premise.
My hubs loved the HBO series Deadwood. I couldn't get past the gratuitous cursing. Not that I am opposed or without sin-but it was too much. I went on to enjoy its star, Timothy Elophant , in Justified. Cause..cowboy in tight jeans, bad boy vibe. Not the best TV, but something I could watch with hubs. Hell on Wheels is exceptional TV. Yes, it is gory, and there are whores and cursing..but in the amount that likely reflects the time period. There is great character evolvement..and acts of compassion and love that balance the whole tawdry feel. An excellent study of racial tension, hardship, struggle for dominion over the West, and yes, a handsome, (albeit grubby) cowboy in jeans. A win-win for my spouse and me.
This was just the most exciting season ever, I became truly addicted to it and watched the whole 22 episodes in a matter of three days. I loved the plot, the characters, the individual scenes, everything and just wish there was more.
Funny and quirky are the two words to best describe this movie. I really liked it. It kind of made you feel like you were a fly on the wall and a part of the story. I would definitely watch this again.
It was action packed.  Full of drama from cases to case.  The family dynamic that seems to surface in one way or another adds more suspense and action to the whole storyline.
I am hooked not only on this series but on the technology. I will never look at some ones' face the same way again. Looking down is a sign of lying while looking down and to the side is shame. I would love to learn more about the art/science of mini expressions. The acting in this series is superb and the casting perfect. A must watch.
AS THE PLOT UNFOLDS IN SEASON 2 ABOUT THE SHERRIFS WIFE AND HER MURDER AND THE BUTTERFLY EFFECT IT HAS HAD ON EVERYONE INVOLVED ...WE SEE GREAT DEVELOPENT INTO THE PAST OF THE LIVES OF ALL THE PLAYERS ....THIS SEASON WAS 110% THE LAST EPISODE LEFT ME ON AN ALASKAN CLIFF IN A MINIVAN TEETERING..true story thats how i felt ...i get it....LONGMIRE IS SO COOL HES THE 007 OF THE COWBOY CULTURE....I GIVE IT AN 8 SECOND SALUTE AND ANY ONE IS INTO WESTERNS YOU WILL LOVE THIS MODERN DAY COBOY LAWMAN JUSTICE***
there is a reason this show developed into what it has. the depth to this drama never gets stale and the story is always gripping
Just when you think he'll flip out his cell phone . . .oops! no cell phones in the 60's. Really authentic. Clothes, sets, props and acting remind me of my childhood. Well done!
I highly recommend this series. A lot of what took place back then (almost 150 years ago) is taking place today. The top 1%. The have's versus the have not's. The huge inequality gap in pay. Topics we read and hear about today. It is very well done and educational.
Enjoyable funny amazon original comedy series- season1 is a nice quick watch and is recommend for all prime users to check out. Looking forward to season 2!
the story arcs are very touching but i really do hope the 'changes' last longer than a 1 year review on camera
Learning about the children's services even though it was &#34;Hollywood&#34; tugged at my heart strings. All the actors and actresses were perfect for their part.
It's been a while since I saw a good political satire.  Firstly, John Goodman!  .....always a treat.  The committee for regular marriage.  the Just say no to sodomy award.  Omg I spit my cherry cole all over my I pad!  This could be big, and funny.  Double thumbs up from this gal!
I found myself becoming more interested as the plot lines evolved. The new show has brought in more technology than the original series, while keeping the theme similar. This version is darker and has more edge than the first series. The younger sister started out slightly shallow, but the need of having her watched by older adults was addressed early on in the series Now I think that both "sisters" are developing their sibling roles nicely. The actors that support Michelle Ryan have developed into a fine ensemble of people. I would like to see more of Mark Sheppard in future episodes. There are also danglers of plot in each episode. I hope the show continues. It has turned out to be a show I look forward to watching on my PC.
Very well written, acted and directed and Sigourney is the highlight of the show. What an actress she is! Bravo! So rare to see a mature woman in a lead role and what a job she does!
This was a great pilot! Its better than the Office. I laughed out loud enough times,to make my wife ask me what was wrong with me.(I was on headphones). She's gonna love it too, I bet. Great irreverent, well paced show. Please keep it going! I'm definitely going to watch it! I am going to again right now!
Love this series, and great story to this season!
I loved the doctor, the widow, and the wardrobe episode and the mini episodes(prequels). I watched the mini episodes on the bbc website since one of them isn't available on amazon :(
i as well thought the gene pool for season 8 was a bit thin in the beginning and didnt know who might be the front runner. but in a way that is a good thing. as for how they pick, it seems as though people send in tape, or dvd of themselves doing a variety of different things such as cooking, or trying to be funny when they cook, or being silly like one guy with a belly where a woman in a tub is waiting, with a bathing suit on, and another woman taking his towel off revealing a speedo bathing suit which made his belly look even bigger, and he says "why wouldnt you pick me". funny yes. would he be picked. well he never made the cut thank god. but they choose from over 10 thousand people from around the country who sent in information about themselves and a dvd saying and doing something. but as usual they made it work.  and the personalities this year were really funny. like that big goof in the beginning who did karate? and in the end you could make a argument for who should have won. i wont ruin the surprise if people reading this havent seen it. not that anyone is reading this.......i enjoyed the season, loved it actually. but im sure as many of us do, i have my favorite seasons, just due to the chefs they happen to pick that year. not because of the format, or anything ramsay did.  i love the show, i still think its the only one if its kind, unique, and entertaining.  i believe all his seasons including season 8 are a must buy. i watch them over and over and still have a lot of fun doing so. i loved season 8 and if your a fan i say buy it. if your not, then check it out and see for yourself. your missing out on something very creative. the challenges, the food, running the kitchen, the raw emotion, and the nutty chef's they bring in, and of course the star of the entire production , ramsay himself.  its just a great show.
I love Captain Rayder's restraint and thoughtfulness, her perseverance and firmness, her love for Rusty and her surprising ex-husband.  Each supporting cast member offers a unique take on their lives and are evolving - there is no stereotyping, no &#34;phoned in&#34; performances.  It's as though each person is daring the other to be as authentic in their performance as they can be.  I think this kind of story telling, while sometimes turn away bloody and violent, is humanizing, casting the victims, perpetrators and detectives in their unique roles with compassion.  There is not much more you can ask from a television series!  It is one of my most favorites of its kind along with &#34;Longmire&#34; and &#34;Endeavor.&#34;
This looks to be very promising.  Looking forward to seeing more episodes.  Interesting take on the Sleepy Hollow story - very creative!
Elementary just keeps on getting better and better as the series moves on and on into the shows successful future.
We just love this show.  My husband and I subscribe to watch this on Amazon.  Each week it comes we get excited.  It's a lovely show filled with excitement, learning, and drama.  This is a lot for a cooking show to be able to gain.  My husband looks forward to this.  That says a lot!
It is soooo very very well done, visually, acting... history.. myth.. it's all good and pretty near perfect.  The fight scenes are managed well, the blood and gore is realistically done, the love scenes are sexy and wonderful.  I love the lead characters so much.  I really do recommend this whole series.  Go ahead and binge.  I sure did.
Different plot from most science fiction shows. We love many space related science fiction shows, and enjoy Continuum for variety.
Loved this series, I'm an Agatha fan.  I enjoy reading and like all the series, Poirot is best when you pay attention to what is going on at all times.  Enjoy!!
Great concept. Solid actors and performances and fresh content. I really wish this show gets picked up!! I want to see more :-)
NEVER BORING!Interesting and different.  A great escape from the mundane.I like the characters, every week a different challenge and the characters evolve.
Warehouse 13 Season 4 was just as pleasurable as the previous seasons of this hit television show.  The show is entertaining and a pleasure to watch.  If a fan of the show I don't think you will be put off.  Definitely a watch worthy show.
My 4 year old grand-daughters favor show...keep them comingI will soon order these dvds thank you so much !
I enjoy the slower, thoughtful drama with interesting characters. I especially like the fact that guns aren't used, or even seen.Characters are realistic, not perfect, not all nice:human.
I liked this addictive show so much I bought season two! I had to find out if she sells the Minnehaha house.
Me and my husband started watching this series on Netflix and had to see the last season before the new one in October. Hands down the best show I have ever watched!!
My husband's friend recommended this show to us, so I got the first season on DVD from Amazon and we watched all of the episodes in a few days! We can't wait for season 2 to come out on DVD later this year so we can catch up before season 3 airs.
Don't have cable television so I appreciate having these fun cooking shows available on Amazon Instant video so I can enjoy it!
The Hour is a stellar series with Ben Whishaw, as Freddie Lyon, owning the heart of each show.  This is a superbly acted, perfectly written drama is barely noticed as a period piece, late 1950s.  Each story is gripping--you care about these characters.  I watched the two series and was upset at the lack of a Season 3.  What was the BBC thinking?
What does a country singer that's about to get her and brother's songs stolen, a country in need of a change, a falsely convicted prisoner, and several others have in common? They're all clients of the best con artists you could ask for.By now, in season 3, I think I've heard of every name of every kind of con there is, and it becomes a doozy! But more than that, with every scenario (especially in this season), things get really complicated at times, yet the team know how to get through it. But what really got me good this season was the depth of human emotion that even pushes the previous season's limits. Just when I thought it was really rough for a fake psychic to push Parker to her extreme limit, we see a disturbing side of Elliot that can drop jaws, and the cryptic stuff he says about his past gets the message through pretty well (don't ask unless you want your perception permanently changed and irrevocably damaged). But the most itnerest concept in this season doesn't deal with hacking security systems, but human beings, specifically, the neurological system, tricking someone over time into doing what you want them to do.That alone really caught my interest (former psych college student, can't help it). Now, with the overall arc of the season (the capture of an international terrorist who can buy literally anything- governments included), I was worried it ould have the slight lull that season two's Sophie replacement would have. Not a chance, it actually increased the tension, both with the team and the feel of each episode. Don't worry, the trademark laughs are all there (even showing that Parker can actually have a childlike naivete despite being an expert thief), and it's even a complementary factor to this season.The start of each scenario certainly have gotten darker, but with each dark scenario comes a chance to show how bright redemption can be for those who get retribution, as well as foreshadowing the end of the season. At this rate, I can't wait for season 4. Especially after that crazy little twist at the end of their last con.
I really like the music, concepts and the colors. The imaginative creators and producers always have a positive message to convey. I find this show to be good for 2 to 4 year olds. DJ Lance and his crew Rock.....
This show still grabs my kids' attention after years of watching episode after episode. They can watch these episodes several times.
WHAT DO YOU SAY TO NBC, WHEN THEY CUT A SHOW ABOUT AVERAGE PEOPLE, WHO ARE NOT RICH AND FAMOUS. BUT THAN AGAIN NBC CAN PAY THEIR EMPLOYEES, MILLIONS OF DOLLARS A YEAR, MORE THAN MINIMUM WAGES THAN THE REST OF US GET. BUT WHEN WE LIKE A PROGRAM LIKE "MY NAME IS EARL" AND MAYBE ONE OF NBC'S CEO WIFE, OR KIDS DON'T LIKE THE SHOW, IT GETS CUT OFF.WELL, I LIKED MY NAME IS EARL,IT MADE ME LAUGH. IT SHOWED HOW PEOPLE LIVE THEIR LIFE DAY TO DAY LIKE HOW MY NEIGHBORSLIVE.  WELL, I AM SAD TO SAY, I DO NOT WATCH TV ANY MORE NBC, BECAUSE WHEN YOU GOT A DIAMOND IN YOUR HANDS, YOU START LOOKING FOR A BIGGER DIAMOND. THERE IS A LITTLE DIAMOND ON MY FINGER AND IT MAKES ME HAPPY TO HAVE IT. NBC, PEOPLE NEED TO LAUGH, AND LAUGH SO HARD THAT THEY START TO CRY FROM LAUGHING.  DO YOU NOT KNOW THAT? WITH SO MUCH GOING ON IN THIS WORLD THAT GOD CREATED FOR US. THERE IS SO MUCH B.A.D. THINGS HAPPENING AND IT GETS VERY SAD. BUT, I AM THANKFUL TO AMAZON.COM FOR PRIME TIME, I CAN WATCH EARL AGAIN. GOOD BYE NBC AND GOD BLESS AMAZON.COM AND THANK YOU FOR BEING THERE FOR ME AND ALL THE OTHER AMAZON.COM CUSTOMERS.  I LOVE YOU AMAZON.SINCERELY YOURS, GEORGIA A. MORRISON-FLORES
So far, so good. I like how the story has started to reveal itself. I like the characters and I love the sense of LA that is part of the show.
Too bad the show was cancelled.  I really enjoyed watching it.  The character development and the plot twists kept me engaged.  I would love to have seen a second season.
Great show that has action, suspense,  comedy,  romance,  and everything else to grab your attention.  Enjoy.  Our new favorite seris.
At first glance years ago I refused to watch. I thought it was something akin to another show I avoided called boo-boo... You know it. A colleague of mine was a fan of the show and insisted that I give it a try. I watched the first three episodes of 'Hope' and was happily amused. Further into the plot, the back-stories started popping up... adding a nice complexity that would have otherwise ended up in mindless repetition. Eventually the cast melded into something very slick and knee jerk stupid funny. YOU MUST START from the beginning for things to make sense. But a random episode is still entertaining for its main plot with thread references not understood. Expect people to break out into song with a Ukulele or other random instruments, sometimes going into a full musical routine with choreography and everything. One of the neat things about this very unique way of story telling is that every episode deals with a dilemma of some sort and nearly always has a happy ending. This is a great family show to watch that is conservative on family and moral issues yet liberal on everything else. Perfect balance for everyone. An absolute joy to watch all four seasons so far. Watch the pilot!
Awesome show, based on very real, proven science. I have addicted everyone I know! Which is no small feat considering I know such a diverse group of people. And hats off to Tim Roth.... he is AWESOME in this show!
A new story to an old fan loving show.  This movie was definitely worth the watch.  The actors were pretty much true to the original charactors. I was very pleased with this outing into familiar territory.
While this may not bet the best season, I think season two wins those honors this season was very good.  Raylan and Boyd continue to be interesting and dynamic characters and the supporting cast are all good.
Even better that the previous series, must see TV series. Sitting here waiting for the next program to start week after week.
such a big fan of the show.  it and the characters actually GREW rather than just got stuck in the non-ending situation syndrome. this final season was a great send-off.  worth every penny to me
The first season of "Breaking Bad" establishes the tone for Vince Gilligan's series; Gilligan was fascinated with the idea of someone who went from an ordinary guy to the epitome of evil; Walt (Emmy winner Bryan Cranston)after being pushed out of a company that he helped co-found has adjusted to life as a High School chemistry teacher married to Skylar(Anna Gunn) expecting their second child when Walt finds out he has inoperable idiotpathic non-small cell. lung cancer. Determined to leave a nest egg and to pay for his cancer treatments without breaking his family for his family after discovering how much money amateurs make creating crystal meth, Walt decides to do the same thing with the assistance of a former student and drug dealer named Jessie (Emmy winner Aaron Paul). As Walt fights cancer and produces drugs he changes profoundly. He discovers the darkness that always lurked in his soul and allows it to consume him.Walt also must contend with his DEA brother-in-law (Dean Norris who is marvelous and often overlooked by the Emmy committee)and the fear he will find out about his extracurricular activities and try and prevent what he is doing from both Skylar and his physically handicapped son Walt Jr. (R. J. Mitte)The Blu-ray for the first season looks quite nice although the show occasionally looks a bit soft. It's not a pristine prsentation but the show looks quite nice with improved detail (the video noise is occasionally a bit distracting and in the form of increased 'grain'). Before the Blu-ray I had rented the DVD set back in 2009 and it has many of the same strengths and weaknesses as this set just not quite as noticeable because of the lower resolution of DVD. Most folks probably won't notice the minor flaws in the transfer and, on the whole, the presentation is quite pleasing. Colors pop while depth and detail are noticably improved.The first season was shorter than all the other seasons with only seven episodes and they are spread over two 50 gig discs.The lossless 5.1 audio sounds marvelous and is top notch. English SDH and Spanish subtitles are available.The special features although limited compared to other sets. We get two audio commentary tracks on both the pilot featuring Cranston, Gilligan and a number of other cast members and also on "Crazy Handful of Nothing" on the second disc.We also get deleted scenes for three episodes as well as auditon footage for Gunn, Paul and actress Betsy Brandt (who plays Skylar sister Marie).We also get a featurette "The Making of 'Breaking Bad'" as well as an excerpt of the show "Shoot Out" about the improved quality of cable TV shows. "Inside 'Breeaking Bad'" is a series of short featurettes. "Vince Gilligan's Photo Gallery" can be viewed as a slide show.The first season of "Breaking Bad" establishes the tone of this brilliant show--one of the finest written shows on TV--and although the first season was unnecessarily short (due to the Writer's Strike at the time as I recall), the quality of the show is high.Highly recommended.
This is one of the best shows on the tele. . So dysfunctional, so train wreck, so devious, love it. but it cant go on to much longer or it will get bad... like Once Upon A time.. that is ridiculous now. on to long. but we love love love Sons.. keep it coming......
A raw show based on the history of NYC in 1864.  Reflects the biases and class tensions of the time as well as the corruption of the police force and politics.
I love this series. I would purchase another but don't seem to find it. It is chuck full of great ideas and inspiration if you live in a small space or may have to downsize. I highly recommend it.
I bought this for my 22 year old son in college because he didn't have time to watch and wanted to get this season watched before this new season started on Saturday, August 10th.  We all love this show and were so happy it got renewed.  We just watched the third season opener and it was outstanding!  Highly recommend watching this show.  Great writing, acting, direction and filmed in a great location. They try to keep this show realistic and I think they have succeeded.  I have to say, they had one of the most beautiful and well done love/sex scenes I have seen in a long time on television.  I was able to watch it with my 19 year old daughter and she thought it was beautiful. I have no desire to watch porn scenes with my kids in the room.  I usually have to fast forward to the next scene.  We are getting disgusted with the over the top and pornographic sex scenes and it was so nice to see and to show my daughter how it should be done and how beautiful it can be.  Kudos to the writer, director, and the actors for that scene!  Bravo!
Love seeing talented individuals support one another and express their gift in creative ways.  Hope to see this caliber often
Good casting.Nice writing.The feel of it kind of reminds me of a darker version of the Jesse Stone movies.
I have been a big fan of this show for years. It's great to watch and learn all about the every day food that comes our way and to learn how it all comes together for the public's pleasure.
THE WRITING AND THE ACTING ARE SUPERB. IT JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER. THE BALANCE BETWEEN GOOD COP AND REALLY EVIL COP IS ALWAYS SURPRISING. IN SPITE OF ONESELF ONE ROOTS FOR THE BAD GUYS BECAUSE THEY ARE THE ONES WHO WOULD LEAP INTO FLAMES TO RESCUE A VICTIM. THE BUILDUP OPF SUSPENSE MAKES BINGE WATCHING ALMOST A NECESSITY. AGAIN, MY ONLY CAVILS ARE THE EXPLICIT SEX AND NUDITY WHICH ARE GRATUITOUS AND NOT NECESSARY IN AN OTHERWISE SUPERB SERIES.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this show!! So funny and So easy to watch the whole season in just a few sittings!!
I am a fan of special effects and good acting.  This series has both.  Mysteries, twists and turns, friend or foe--all keep you guessing throughout each episode.  The subplots keep the interest and action going.  I'm not a big fan of TV, but Falling Skies is one of my few favorites!  If you are a sci fi fan, this one is worth watching!
Each episode is a unique twist of an iconic murder case. The characters are so fully formed you care for them as you would family. But the lead, Rupert Penry-Smith is so fascinating you can't look away. One either wants to adopt him or bed him, the emotional attachment is so strong. That too is the writer's idea of what a modern man should be, full of strange weakness, compulsive behavior but with an endearing gentle heart. When will you include the 4th series?
The perfect part for the perfect actor.  David Tennant pulls you in to the plot with believable realistic talent that comes natural to him even when a facial expression is all that is needed.
I love how this show is realistic with today's family issues. Every time I watch an episode I feel inspired and happy. Love this series.
So nice to be able to get an episode at a time as soon as the day after it airs
Never liked the movie on the first go around but it grew on me watching it the second time, then realized what a superb picture it really is. Now I know why it won Best Picture and other numerous awards.
I love this show.  Because I don't have cable nor satellite TV, I am happy to see this in the selection.  One more reason, I have chosen to try Amazon Prime.  Hulu does not offer these selections.
If you love to learn about astronomy, this is the show for you, because it dives into different topics about the universe, the first episode being about the fun.
Nova's Weather Extremes and far off places is excellent viewing, not only that, well worth purchasing!!!  Highly Recommended! Terrific watch.
My husband and I continued to enjoy this series.  The husband (coach) and wife (school principal/counselor) played strong role models for the many teenagers as they all struggled through various real-life situations.  The only disappointing aspect of the series was the on-going sexual encounters that began during the middle school years of various students.
charming, fun, real life. enjoyed it very much!  would like to see more of these vignettes offered.  thanks very much, amazon!
Just harmless fun the troupe works seamless lively  Hey it's not happening to you so go ahead live vicareiestly laugh yours gluts off.  The guys have the best intentions but no one can make good descions after injecting so drugs if you don't laugh then you must have aTight one
Enjoyable and the cast interaction is great!  Suspend your imagination and check it out.  Season 2 is just as good.  Can't wait for Season 3 to be stream ready.
We need more of this type of marshalls in real life. Too bad our society has made our law enforcement officers such targets and tied their hands.
What a delightful series.  Never even heard of it before.  Only watched because I found it on Amazon Prime.  The dialogue between Harvey and Mike is snappy, funny, and quite entertaining.  Can't wait to start watching season 2.
Jax is President of SAMCRO and he has made Bobby VP. Opie would have been his obvious choice for VP but he is not active in the gang due to his conflict with Clay.Gemma wakes up with a Hispanic man, Nero, who she slept with and she is so hung over she doesn't even know where she is.  The sheriff is at Opie's house looking for Jax, Tig and Chib who are wanted for the murder of Veronica Pope.  Veronica is the daughter of Damon Pope who is the most feared and powerful drug lord in Oakland.Gemma has taken them to Nero Padilla's escort service headquarters where they are hiding and Jax doesn't trust Nero. They get a call that Tig needs help and Nero gives them the keys to a pickup truck so they can leave and not use their motorcycles. Jax and the guys go to Tig and find all of the bodies. Tig has gotten loose and killed a police officer, a gang member and a cleanup specialist.  They drag the bodies into a covered hole in the ground and pour fuel into the hole and burn the bodies. Meanwhile Tig is holding his dead daughter's (Dawn's) burned body who was killed by Pope in retaliation for Veronica's death.Jax and the gang are back at Nero's offices and they are meeting with their lawyer preparing to turn themselves in to the sheriff.  Jax is discussing legal issues with the lawyer and the existence of the RICO case against SAMCRO and asking her to take care of surrendering to the sheriff.  Jax knows he may be facing a long term jail sentence and he asks Tara to marry him now......Action, action, action! If you didn't think Sons of Anarchy could get more involved and have more exciting action then you were wrong.  This is a great episode and it sets up the major confrontation with Damon Pope and the SAMCRO gang.  There are also several sub plots going on in this episode and it is building the storyline for the season to really kick off.  The Sons of Anarchy is a great series and this episode is critical for you to watch so you understand the confrontations that will soon become a war!  I recommend this episode to you.
This looks like it's going to be a terrific adaptation of the Michael Connelly novels featuring Harry Bosch as a jaded LA detective who still believes that what he does matters - solving homicide cases and getting some kind of justice for its victims.  I hope there will be a nice long season to start and more seasons to follow.  There's a lot of great material here to be mined and Amazon has found the right people to pull it off!
I very much like the intrigue of the characters and surprising events that take place it is both action packed and at times heart felt.  I patiently await each episode and recommend it to anyone who likes to ride but also enjoys a riveting story line.
Although Ziva has left us, the stories we have been offered have expanded the characterization of those who remain.  The relationship between Gibbs and his dad is truly special and insightful.  Not every episode includes all cast members.  I find thatinteresting.  It does open up new ways to write and explore.  Mike Franks was one of my favorites.  I love how he comes back to us through memories.  The episode re. the Coast Guard Captain and Gibbs was powerful.  Love seeing characters from past seasonsrevisit NCIS.  I watch few shows on TV, but this is one I've followed since it's beginning.  Our household watches reruns whenever they pop up on screen.  The show holds it's excellence.
I love this show.  It's so amazing to see how the chefs treat the kids and how super talented they are.  Incredible.
This show has moved from the simple zombie eats everyone with one hero left standing to a true human drama about survival.  I do not suggest it for the faint of heart with regards to blood and guts. But if you are past that, then the character development and the depth of the human relationships then this is truly for you.  Zombies are cool, but this is about survival, rebuilding civilization, and the importance of leadership that comes with consequences.
This one of my favorite shows.  My dish was covered in ice and was unable to watch this on my TV.  I am so glad that I could go right to Amazon Prime and for a small fee watch my show.
Very funny! and probably so true to the life of a congressman.  The acting is superb and the humor is right on funny!
One of the great shows to watch.  Acting is tops to me and the action is always there each episode.  Am hooked to the point not watching just one or 2 shows a day is good enough I get lost watching on line and can watch several hours at night.  I would recommend this for older teens not younger ones as it does have some graphic bloody parts.
I feel like I am waiting with bated breath between episodes of Covert Affairs Season 3. I love how much we get to see of Eyal Lavin and there have been so many twists and turns. I feel like we don't get to see enough Auggie and Annie scenes but it ain't over til it's over, right? Meanwhile, we are starting to see how Annie has been changed, possibly for the worst, because of the events in this season. She isn't so bright eyed and shiny anymore. She isn't balanced either. It seemed like she might go "dark" and cynical. There just isn't enough time for her to deal with everything she's been through and she doesn't have her lovable, huggable sister or enough Auggie time as I previously mentioned.Fast-paced, awesome. I started watching Covert Affairs this year (and actually went back to watch all the previous seasons as I started Season 3). I had been reluctant because I thought it was an Alias knockoff but it's so different and a fabulous show in its own right with engaging characters and twisty, mysterious plots that keep you coming for more.
Very, very , very  good. Everything about it  is terrific. I can't wait for season  two  to start. I love it.
I couldn't wait to watch season 2 after I finished the first season.  I also had to watch the episodes quickly to catch up with the aired broadcasts on the History channel.  I caught up for episode 9, but was exasperated by having to watch all the commercials...geez!  And now I have to wait a week between episodes.  Oh well, worth the wait in my mind and highly recommended.
I watched each episode with Amazon prime and can't wait for the new season.  All of the characters are great.  I think the show will only get better.
I have all three seasons. Haven is a awesome series. A true Stephen King experience. I love everything Stephen King, books movies, series. Stephen King is awesome, one of my favorites.
Finally!  We have a great new Sci Fi idea and program.  Let's hope they can keep up the quality for more than one season.
Great end to the show. I've seen every single episodes of this TV series and just LOVE the way it ended. Kuddos to the producers
The others before me have given great reviews of some episodes and characters so I won't repeat them.I'm here to say buy this and all  seasons-if you love scifi this show and SG1 are one of the best.Can't wait for the movies to start coming out on dvd!
The whole family loves watching this series. Looking forward to watching the next season. We didn't know what it took to catch them gaters.
This season was even better than the last one, the stories are always interesting and I love all of the characters especially, Larry. He is so cute and so interestingly played\
No I really like this series. Paint it Black has a surprise ending which I didn't see coming. Sherlock's deductions in this episode were well thought out. This show has very good regular actors and the guests have been excellent too. I think Lucy Lui is an excellent actress. I would watch anything she is in. Lucy Lui did a fine job directing Paint it Black. Looking for more.
It starts of with everything we watch for! Love, heart break, drama, plots, success and happiness! I would recommend it.
I didn't know what to expect when I first started watching this series, but now I am hooked. I love the characters they have created and the story lines they supply.  Definitely worth watching.
I like crime stories but I love the British crime stories especially.  There are no really overplayed action parts with guns and 40 people shooting each other.  This is more sleuthing and detective work.  I have watched all 6 seasons of Inspector Lewis and I enjoyed every one.
I have now seen this film twice and I liked it even more the second time around.  The second viewing kept me in the same state of suspense and on the edge of my seat as it did the first time.  As a pianist I enjoyed it even more.
This season was a pleasant surprise. I am a Top Chef devotee, but I was somewhat underwhelmed with the past couple seasons. Season 10, however, has a great cast of characters, interesting challenges, fun judging, plus a great winner!! Happy I bought the season.
solving crimes with Lucy Liu would be impossible for me. i would always, always find a reason to walk in on her when she's naked. she would guess pretty darn quick that i wasn't addicted to anything but her and i would fall from grace immediately. no, if Watson's not a stuffy, round-ish Winnie the Pooh sort of fella who says: "dash it all!" and "blast!" with some regularity, i just couldn't concentrate on crime.
This is one I'll happily sit down and watch w/ my boys. So fresh, and innocent with great messages. I love the all white background and simplistic point of views. These are funny, informative and help teach the value of love, respect and friendship.
I love this series. It seems like they come up with ideas I would never have thought of researching. Most of all, I like how the enjoy what they are doing and are continually fascinated with their results. Also loved the pregnant Kari (though her taste in maternity wear was awful). It was great to show that pregnancy is just another way of life.
Suits it for everyone, well every adult.  Honestly, such smart writing. Always surprises.  Loved the last episode that touched my heart to tears for Luis.  Great casting! Our favorite show.
Foyle is superb! Honesty, integrity and intrigue are a great mix. Enjoyed Foyle immensely, recommend to all! Go for it!
The hottest police show on TNT, I hope it returns soon. Great Great Great Great thanks TNT for a great show
This is a stellar adaptation. Of course, read the book, but there's no harm in these BBC versions! They are VERY good.
This is a great  program, if you like period drama this has it all. The detail is amazing and all based on events that really happened, a very good history lesson, I found it more interesting as I know the area well and spent some time there in the 50's.five big stars from me.
This is a great SciFi end of world series. The acting is topnotch the characters are realistic. The CG and makeup is excellent. I can not wait for Season 3
A light-hearted show that works for the whole family. We enjoy the plot lines they think up, including the way they work in historical facts.
Great series. So very glad it's available via Amazon. AND commercial fee.  Well worth the &#34;rental fee&#34;.
Die hard fan of beauty and the beast. This season is better than the first. I am glad the season was renewed. I hope it is extended to the full season instead of just half the shows.
Intelligently written, well acted, fresh and original.  What else could one ask for in television these days?  especially since this so rarely happens anymore in that medium.
We really enjoyed this whole series. Sorry there are all done.We decided to watch something else now.  We miss the characters fromNYPD BLUE.
Blue Bloods - Season Two  [496 2014-01-22]Summary:The location is contemporary New York City and the theme is a police procedural from a unique prospective. The shows focus around the Regan family: Frank (Tom Selleck) is the Police Commissioner; his oldest son Danny (Danny Wahlberg) a hotshot detective; another son Jamie is Harvard educated but by choice a rookie cop; daughter Erin is an assistant D.A. and Henry - Frank's father, a former NYC Police Commissioner. Another son, a NYC policemen killed in the line of duty, is an off stage presents in many episodes.Content:The Season Two package consists of 6 disks and 22 episodes originally show on CBS during the period September 2011 through May 2012. Also included are several special features on disk 6 that I founding modestly interesting but somewhat redundant.Positive Comments: Many fewer deleted scenes in season two compared to season one which is unfortunate since they are usually quite interesting. Season two developed a reoccurring theme of a Jamie Regan going undercover in order to infiltrate an organized crime family. I found it quite interesting but the conclusion was in my estimation handled in a haphazard manner  - as if the creative talent just wanted to put a finish to the story as the season end. I greatly admire the Regan family. They ague, rage against one another sometimes, but all are pulling the wagon in the same direction. It was refreshing to see a show with an honest focus on genuine family values even with members who are contrary and strongly opinionated. I continue to enjoy the New York City local for these episodes. That city has so many neighborhoods both glamorous and shabby and the show is a case study in urban renewal if you ask me.The Cast:Tom Selleck and Danny Wahlberg are terrific in their roles. Other cast members are very good - I particularly admire Danny Regan's female detective partner (Jennifer Esposito).Negative Comments: Commissioner Reagan's confrontations with the mayor over several issues were getting tired - as a plot motivator it works once but not again and again. Although Jamie Regan undercover involvement made for some exciting episodes the actual bosses of the crime family was mostly off stage yet they were taken down in the end - somewhat disappointing.  Detective Danny Regan's relationship with his wife seems very unrealistic. She puts up with more absent husband time while he's camped out with his hot partner. How that marriage survives is an confounding mystery to this viewer.Recommendations:This is a highly recommend show that keep my interest. If police procedurals within the context of a strong family appeal to you I believe you will enjoy viewing season 2 of Blue Bloods.
SG1 is everything a show should be, intelligent, funny, attractive- this is sci fi that deserves to stick around for a long time.
The long odyssey of the remnants of the human race comes gradually to a head in the first part of BSG's final season. The wear and tear is starting to show in both ship and crew. Edgy, gritty as hell and operatic in scope, this sets the bar for outer space SF well into the troposphere. There may never be another series or movie to compare. I look forward to owning the entire series and watching it again, from start to finish. Amazing stuff.That said, I do think the producers are screwing us with this split season approach....
Great series. So very glad it's available via Amazon. AND commercial fee.  Well worth the &#34;rental fee&#34;.Although I've been following tis series since Season 1' Episode 1, this new series is a bit disjointed &#8212; but still good.
Was skeptical at first, but this show just grew on me.  Great ensemble of actors, good stories, action scenes are well done.  Check it out.....you'll like it.
This film has a lot going for it. Three absolutely gorgeous women, Gwyneth Paltrow, Vinessa Shaw, and Isabella Rossellini. A quirky lead male, Joaquin Phoenix (yes the same one that had the idiotic much parodied interview with David Letterman). A complex love story, but one that seems more honest and true than the silly happy stories usually told. Interesting camera work and lighting - filmed in muted tones. And excellent direction and writing by James Gray.The film opens with Leonard (Joaquin Phoenix) jumping off a low bridge. As he floats downward, he sees an image in his mind and decides to live. There is something not exactly 100% with Leonard. He lives at home, there are cryptic questions about where he was four months ago, and he moves and talks in a halting not altogether there mode. The love triangle is a bit different. Sandra (Vinessa Shaw) likes Leonard. She's single, saw Leonard at his father's dry cleaner, and decided to set up a pretext to meet him. Leonard isn't 100% interested, but there's something going on. One afternoon, coming home, Leonard runs into Michelle (Paltrow) in the hallway running away from her yelling father. From the first meeting, its clear Leonard is interested. As the story progresses, we discover that Michelle is in love with and having an affair with a married man. She in turn feels like Leonard is her brother. This is the central conflict of the film, who will end up with who? Will anyone end up happy or get what they want?Its this conflict and resolution that James Gray has developed oh so well. In the end, it is a sad movie. And each character gets what they want, even if it might not be in their best interest. The path there is an interesting one.Oh the performances. Paltrow, Shaw, Phoenix, and Rossellini carry this film. There is a chemistry between these actors. It is clear that the director found exactly what each needed to deliver their best performances. Isabella Rossellini is such a surprise, a simple housewife, but so beautiful and all knowing. Its telling to see the star, writer, and director of,Green Porno: A Book and Short Films by Isabella Rossellini.Early in the film we see Michelle first in bright sunlight in the hallway and Leonard bent over in shadow in front of his doorway. Michelle early on is always seen in a powerful dynamic composition with bright background and Leonard in a darker cluttered shot. As the story progresses and Michelle begins to show her flaws, she moves more toward the middle of the screen, the background becomes more cluttered, and she ends up in shadow or dim lighting. Leonard, on the other hand moves toward more dynamic brighter shots. Sandra and Leonard are almost always treated to similar lighting and composition. James Gray used film language to reinforce his story. It is so rare to see in a film anymore.110 Minutes long, pacing is right on the money. Rated R, mostly for strong language. There are two intimate scenes with no nudity. Michelle does expose one breast through a window while Leonard watches across the courtyard from his window. A mature younger viewer could probably watch this film.The DVD has some nice bonus features. A series of deleted scenes where the director writes about why he left the scene out. The reasons are valid, and the sequences really did not belong in the film. There are two very well done interview featurettes. One with James Gray talking about casting and the love that he put into this film. The other is HDNet's review of the film.A very well made film. I enjoyed this very much.
As always great!!  This is the perfect way to watch what I have missed for a small fee.  Just to stay current on this program.
Great series and I would recommend to anyone over 18 years the storylines and interesting and keep you on the edge of your seat.
If you haven't seen Breaking Bad and want to start a series that is definitely entertaining this is the penultimate.  Breaking Bad is your opportunity to see the best TV series ever!
Been following them since Season 1.  Once in a while I go back and watch that first espisode.  It was sooo good.
This is my grandson's favorite show and with Amazon prime he can watch it anytime! Caillou really makes an impact on kids.
Excellant series, back stories allow plot to move quickly,Food shortages discussed--then blamed on USA stopping War time loans year after WWII won?  Not the sure to fail market controls.... Coal shortages(Massive taxes on equipement AND wage controls = frozen Brits) when the nation is built on massive coal seams.....The Dirty secret of the Cold War is that the USA and G' Britain almost went Commie by uber income taxes and market regualtions that reduced growth rates of the Western world for almost 40 years,  JFK, Reagan and Thacher lower taxes win Cold War in less 10 years with a flood of Defense spending allowed by GDP growth.Show could show more why Brits abandoned Churhill for socialism---while US vets went Republican Post war....
The only bad thing about this season is we watched it immediately & now we have to wait a year or more for the next season.Come on season 3!!!
Marvelously done, but very violent. Billy Bob Thornton is great and the evil Malvo. Everybody else is terrific in their parts. Maybe the overdo the accent a bit. I know a few people from MN who talk more normally than this cast does.
I like that this contest moves along quickly.  It's very satisfying to see each challenge completed.  It's fascinating to see what these professional chefs can do in such short time with such odd ingredients.  The show focuses on the actual cooking with just enough exposition of the contestants' lives.  The judges are very good with insightful critiques of each dish.  Also, I get ideas of flavorful combinations that I never would have thought of on my own.
my hometown Detroit I love this show!! i love that people get to see what this city looks like now and hope someone with half a brain can save her! but that's not the only reason I love this show-great actors & great plot!!
I am new to Mountain Men but after watching a catch-up marathon of season 2. I of course had to go back to season 1 on Amazon Prime. I am really impressed. I especially love watching these mountain men create something from various natural things and with primitive tools.  I think my favorite character is Eustace in North Carolina. He's amazing!
Yes, I loved this series. So very scary and so well acted. Well worth the hour and half at each sitting.
I am a big Veronica Mars fan and this movie with the extended characters from the TV show did not disappoint.
We loved this original and funny take on those whom we elect to serve us.  Great cast.  Looking forward to the new episodes.
History Channel's Vikings follows the legendary Ragnar Lothbrok.  I hate spoilers so I am going to try very hard not to give much away here.Travis Fimmel's portrayal of Ragnar has blown me away. He can be so very bold ,brave and lethal. Sometimes he gets the &#34;crazy twitch&#34; in his eye. The one that either leads to chaos or victory. Of course we can't forget his romantic side either. Given all of his alleged sons in literature, it is fair to say he was somewhat of a ladies man. Fimmel plays that up well too.The story of Lagertha is my favorite. Though her story is not only of Ragnar, it is intertwined in some places. You will see her here played by Katheryn Winnick. She has, IMHO, excelled at showing Lagertha's  strength, honor and pride.Some of the scenes can be a little graphic. Most of it during the battles and such. I don't find it too horrific but others may.The script is sprinkled with all kinds of myths and legends. I find myself looking stuff up after every episode. Trying to find out what it means, how it is linked and what could be next. I like that I can look it up online and better understand what's going on.
This is my favorite series and I wish they had continued to make more - and I wish you were offering the reunion specials on streaming - how about it? Thanks!
although I have not seen this yet..I think any movie with Charlie Hunnam will be just fine. Hope he is interviewed
I do really like it. It was very, very good because teach little lessons, dance and sing and just have fun.  It's a show that makes me laugh!
Loved the premise that a widow inherits a NFL team and doesn't know how to run it like the &#34;good old boys&#34; want her to. Characters are interesting and fun. Great scenes with the excess of the players. Can't wait to see how it all plays out. Always love routing for the underdog.
Excellent quality in audio and video. Love the Castle episodes. Have all episodes in the AMAZON INSTANT VIDEO on my ROKU.
In a word,  YES.  In fact, I am waiting for a cookbook from Miss Kay, so I can learn how to do frogs legs, and not pay premium dollars for them in a resturant.These people, whether they are practiced or fully tv novices, are the funniest comedians on tv!  The sight of Si telling children about VietNam on career day in season one, while Phil skinned and cleaned a critter for the high school class, had me careening off the walls in hysterical laughter.  And Pa going fishing with Luke and his date, then having them clean and gut the fish, was fall out of my chair funny.These millionaire Rednecks, camo, guns and duck calls, lure you into their world, and, if its true or exaggerated, totally enthrall with their ideas, interests, and devotion to family, and to God.Duck Dynasty: Season 1 - Sneak Peek
From the moment this precient narrative begins, viewers are transported to another world, in the not too distant future. The whole ensemble cast, from Benedict Cumberbatch, to Anamaria Marinca and Robert Carlyle, make this dark futuristic tale by Peter Berry more believable. Cumberbatch is superb as Stephen Ezard, a research scientist just returning to London from China to attend his brother Michael's funeral. After all his years away, he is bewildered by an England he does not recognize; London has become a police-state. Unlike his late-brother, Stephen Ezard is a recluse who abhors germs and personal contact. Despite his walls, he's drawn to his brother's complex widow, Yasim (Anamaria Marinca delivers a finely nuanced tough/gentle performance), a medical doctor. They become embroiled in a swirl of conspiracies while he works on the government's super-database. Ezard's struggle to survive is a superb character study enriched by a marvelous performance by Cumberbatch. Robert Caryle is perfect as a menacing rogue government agent - quite convincing. Despite the subject matter, this isn't a political left/right film or story. As one outsider-character states, people have the right to be anonymous. "The Last Enemy" explores what happens when populations lose that privacy. A topical, haunting story, quite relevant to issues today, and also reminiscent of Ray Bradbury's masterpieceFahrenheit 451: A Novel.
Loved this pilot episode. The watched six feet under and loved that show so I was pumped about this show. The storyline is one that I haven't seen before and is great! I will definitely watch this show again if it makes it.
Moved from London to Canada but still the show Prieval.  Just as good and so glad it is continuing.  Likable cast and same stories of animals coming out of time anomalies.  If you were a fan before then you can still be a fan.  If you think it is anything like the movie it is not.  For Sci-fi fans it's worth your time. Enjoy
I loved this season, maybe not as good as 2 & 3, but it was much better than season 1. Great show all together. Thought it was just going to be another cop drama. Nope, it stands out.
Eureka is a fun series and this is before everything gets complicated.  Enjoy these early episodes and recognize the hints and subtle plot develop lines.
I love the lore being done here, i hope to see him evolve into the green arrow super hero that we all know
I enjoy watching Arrow because the story keeps moving forward and unfolding with more information about the character, Oliver Queen. Oliver is just an ordinary guy that does extraordinary things because of his time on the island. I recommend it to anyone that likes action.
This was a suprise for me as I had never watched any of these shows.  I must say this was very good and a must for all British Police show fans.
Last season was kind of disappointing, but this episode brought it back to its roots!  Good to see it back!
Watch it and see how America overcome comes domestic terrorism and once again victorious. True Americans are some of the toughest with courage and strength that shows through in this film.
Very entertaining, funny, serious, some violence, some sleaze, not too much filthy talk..there are bedroom scenes, and killings too.Blend of city and country, and a mix of racism in it too.Can't stop watching.Won't pay $1.99 an episode, but will watch free on prime.Can't wait for next season to be released for prime viewing.
Sometimes it's hard when I series mixes things up (changes people's roles) but the mix up that happened in this season made everything so exciting and makes me look forward to Season 5!!!
Great show.  Season two is a little more dark than the first year.  But I still enjoyed watching it and seeing the great make-up.
Started out, not sure what was going on. but once it picked up, whoa! Started to have that Chris Carter feel to it and the ending was exciting and leaving me want more for sure!
I enjoy these types of programs.Josh Gates it a fearless host and the show is produced well.Worth the price.
This is such a fun, new, fresh comedy! I love seeing Matthew Perry at his best again!!! The storyline is so original. I love watching the different situations & the growth of the characters, which are so funny & unique. I also appreciate how it's just good humor & not relying on sex to be the main topic!! Great show, leaves you feeling good:) Well done!!!!
The hook with this series is the approach that how we came to our Big Ideas is as important as our current Big Ideas, themselves. In effect, the &#34;rock-solidness&#34; of our science and philosophies show a somewhat shaky base. It may not measure up to the visuals or cinematic qualities of Discovery's or PBS' best products, but it has ideas that linger on.
I did not even know about this movies existence till now, and I am so glad I opted to watch it! Really original and VERY funny. It was most certainly worth the money to rent : )
watched in to ep 7 3rd season - shows the development of an agent from the beginning to the serious and the purpose in which she believes _ good acting and great writing without the nonsense - just hope our real people are not this way, but good entertainment
Burn Notice is going out with style.  Holding to their pace, story, action, and appealing form of story telling.  I will miss this show.  Thank GOD I have purchased all of the episodes on Amazon streaming, and I can visit my old friends, when ever and where ever I am. :-)
What a great overview of the weapons and people in war history.  This is best I have seen in some time. Explains the evolution of each subject clearly and graphically. Well Done!
Wonderful show,especially to get hubby to sit still on a lazy day.Some old favorites are missing this season and the homo boys still are nerve racking catching up all the babies then wondering why there are no gators.LoL..
I never knew I'd like this kind of show, but I've been hooked since I was convinced to watch the first two seasons on Amazon Prime. It's my guilty indulgence :)
i grew up watching blues clues and now my daughter can enjoy the great music and teachings from fun blue
So much of what was talked about in this interview brought back wonderful memories of what the tech life was like before the internet. I had forgotten how quickly all this happened.
In Short: &#34;Yankee&#34; defense attorney Jamie Sawyer takes on clients south of the Mason Dixon against ADA Roy Rayder. From the get go Jamie ends up in the middle of a police department sex sandal and conspiracy. Dating a homicide detective and feuding with a charming ADA, she relentlessly researches her cases and learns a little bit about southern charm.So far &#34;Reckless&#34; is great. There is just enough drama, romance and action to keep me interested. Banter between Jamie and Roy is fun to watch and the hunt for the bad guys is exciting. I have been a bit burnt out on this genre, but &#34;Reckless&#34; has shaken it up in a good way.
Dude dude dude dude!!!! it's freaking breaking bad. if i had to choose to wipe all other dramas from my memory and only keep one it would probably be breaking bad. seriously one of the best shows made. truly depicts the creation of evil from a white canvas. so many shows will have the bad guy that is bad just because he is bad. very few are able to show that all evil starts somewhere somehow for some reason.the path to hell is paved with good intentions and Walter White had one finely paved road.
I throughly enjoyed Season 2, As I watched I could see the characters build into more believable people, and Oxford what a great setting!
My kids (4,2,and 1) LOVE this show! And I love all the actors from my favorite shows as the voices (Kevin, Sguiggy, etc). Bring forth more seasons!
It feels a lot like a Master Piece Theater series, only it is set in Ireland. We really enjoyed each season, and it now has my wife talking about a return trip to the Emerald Isle. How could I not give the series five stars?
Season 2 of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia is mandatory for anyhow who watches the show to own. This season has some of the greatest episodes in Sunny history!
I wasn't expecting much from this show.  While I love the movies based on comics, the TV shows haven't done so well.  This one excels because of the character development.  Who knew?  Character development in a comic?!?  Arrow is a conflicted human being who is trying very hard to work out his issues.  He doesn't always get it right and he pays a high price from time to time.  A hero who fails, see what I mean about character development?  The supporting characters are well rounded also and over time the viewer begins to feel that they know and either like or dislike these people.  The action is also good and the plot lines are interesting.  Although it is a show with violence in it; it does not contain the horrible graphic violence a lot of shows today do.  I'd recommend it.
This Star Trek should serve as a template for any director making a multi-million dollar science fiction film.  In addition to special effects, this film has character development, humor, human failings, a plot, some coherence, suspense and so on.  Imagine how many other science fiction movies, including the previous Star Treks could benefit from including these things.The cliches--and there are many--mostly have to do with the Star Trek franchise.  And that's fine.  Except for Spock's father (who, unlike Spock, went to Cambridge) this movie avoids the classically trained British actors and corny dialog.  Checkov probably should have gone to a language coach, though.I think this Star Trek benefitted from being so family friendly.  I, for one, did not miss the state-of-the-art depiction of torture or parasitic disease.  To each his own.So the universe is still dangerous (or it was, I suppose).  But there is also bravery, humility, love, and a little humor.  Even poor Captain Pike seems to have a new lease on life...for now.
Love this program BUT Amazon changes access. Show went from Prime to non Prime!  Amazon should tell us that before we sign up!
I look forward to the next season. Will the daughter really pull the trigger? Or will this put her Mom back into his debt. And what about her father,not sure if we have seen the last of him.
I absolutely love this series and have so many laugh out louds experiences.  I'm glad to see that TVland is taking them on for another series!  Great taste TVland!!!
Best show ever- gets better every week- love seeing the softer side of michon  would recommend this series to anyone !
I have started watching this show from a suggestion of a friend, and wow... am I glad I did. I can't stop watching this. all tho, it is quite gory at times it keeps you involved with there lives as they  try to survive ! if you haven't seen this show? by all means.....Watch it. then tell me if I am wrong. happy watching !
Five seasons in and this show is better and better. Love that they bring the kids into the family dynamic so much and LOVE Ty Burrell.
This is a program showing on SYFY Channel in which anyone over the age of 18 can compete for best Science Fiction Make-up Artist.  The prize are significant and the competitions are amazing.  Don't miss this one if you like this kind of thing.
Survivor season 28 is interesting in that there are a few new twists inserted, not the least of which is a hidden immunity neckless which can be used after a tribal vote is read. This makes it much more powerful than the type which must be used before the votes are read.
This show is so funny with its dysfunctional characters. I laugh every single time I watch it. I love Anna Farris and the woman that plays her mother. I hope this show gets the attention it deserves.
Both my grandchildren love Umizoomi.  Whenever one of them is getting fretful or on a road trip, I just pull this out and we venture to Umi City.  It never fails, even though they have seen it numerous times.  I love what Milly, Geo, and Bot teach them without them even realizing it.  You can never start math and word skills too soon!
I think I've seen every episode of Mythbusters but I always enjoy watching some of their older episodes especially when there is so little on regular TV worth watching anymore.
I am glad Coach did not win, what a tool. I enjoyed this season being it wasnt the typical beach setting.
My son is 3 and he likes this show.  His attention span is pretty short, so he usually doesn't make it through an entire episode in one sitting, but he sure loves the theme song!  :)
After nine years, viewers finally learn more about the mysterious documentary crew that has trailed our beloved characters through every aspect of their lives, on the job and off.We also tie up many loose ends, as Angela's marriage (questionable since day one) finally begins to unravel and she revisits her initial long-time love for Dwight; Jim, who always swore his job at DM was &#34;temporary,&#34; receives the opportunity of a lifetime to help run a sports marketing firm, but as it's in Philadelphia, must decide between a dream career and his marriage to his dream woman.Throughout the 25-episode season, many departed characters from earlier seasons make an appearance, including Steve Carell as Michael Scott, as well as more minor characters including David Wallace, Mose, Todd Packer and Jan Levenson.One episode, &#34;The Farm,&#34; centers upon a death in Dwight's family, and introduces viewers to his sister Fannie and brother Jeb. Although clearly meant as a spin-off episode, the potential series was not picked up.It's hard to end any TV series, let alone one as long-running and beloved as The Office. There's just no ideal way to say goodbye and send the characters off to the rest of their lives. But, given the odds, the gang at Dunder Mifflin was given a great sendoff.
I own all seven seasons of the Shield. Season six has good episodes that helped build you up for the final season seven, but doesn't give you any clue that things will end the way they do. The series stays fresh even after Season Five which could have ended the series (which I think was the best besides the First season which got me hooked on  this TV show)I don't think anyone should just purchase only one season of this series, even though all were good in different ways.
Just as good as the first Season.  Really liked the characters and the plot was engaging. Worth watching more than once.
She is endearing and so warm.....in the midst of a dysfunctional family, she is like a rock ................have really enjoyed the plots, the evil vs good , underdog vs winner, the reactions of each character........the disparity of the classes and the sadness of how people can be &#34;born&#34; into either good or bad circumstances.....
Music is great, Kids love it, and learn patterns, counting, colors, shapes, and singing!  It is so cute to watch them crazy shake.
"Project Runway" Season 8-------------------------------------------Note: mild spoilers below-------------------------------------------This season features one of the least talented - or least exciting - design pools to date, with really only one designer whose work was on a creative par with the best contestants of seasons past.  And yet, even without much "wow factor," the show was entertaining and engaging to the very last minute - the formula still works. The final choice was a naked, shameful travesty -- we were screaming, throwing things at the TV, but comforting ourselves by muttering that the loser (who was robbed!) will make millions as a celebrity designer, without any doubt.Some changes and trends this season: the three main judges (Klum, Kors and Garcia) were much, much cattier than in previous seasons (although Heidi softened up a bit by the end) and week after week Heidi appeared in some of the worst clothes she's been in to date. In the parlance of the show, her own personal "taste level" seems pretty suspect these days. A couple of the designer melodramas were quite striking, particularly the "reveal" on contestant Michael Costello, which was one of the most genuinely painful moments I've seen in reality TV. All in all, this was a good, entertaining season - we enjoyed it. (Joe Sixpack, Slipcue.com film reviews)
The Mentalist revolves around the charm and charisma of Simon Baker..but with the end of the Red John storyline it is good to see the show take a new and lighter tone...somewhat sad to see some familiar characters leave
This series tackle some controversial topics but with dark humor! I been watching this series over and over even while I am doing work it is playing in the background! Very comfortable series and able to let my just made teenage nephew and nieces watch it. They, of course, are exposed to much blatant verses in school than this series can muster.Anyway, awaiting Season 10. This series is second to Archer though . Hopefully FX will not interfere with both of their great offerings and support them thoroughly.Thanks Amazon again!To all - have a Great Holiday Season!!!
C.S.I. Crime Scene Investigation - The Complete Seventh Season DvdQuick Delivery! New Condition. Excellent series.HIghly recommend Amazon!!
I just love this show, there arnt a lot of hero type movies anymore, Timmothy Olyphant is great for this role. Hope to see him in more movies.  I also plan on reading more of elmore leonard books ( The guy that wrote fire in the hole, witch is where this show came from)
Good series.  Has everything.  Some adventure, some sap, some mystery.  Really pulled me in when learn past lives of characters before the bombs.
I love this series and had to have the discs. I plan to watch this many times over. Go Hell on Wheels!
Awsome
GREAT SHOW LOTS OF ACTION WITH PLENTY OF PLOT TWISTS TO KEEP YOU HOOKED ALL CONNECTED TO RECENT BLOCKBUSTER MOVIES (AVENGERS THOR ECT) CAN'T WAIT FOR SEASON TWO
Bosch is about an LAPD homicide detective works to solve the murder of a 13-year-old boy while standing trial in federal court for the murder.  This show is based on the Michael Connelly's best-selling book series, 'Bosch'.  Bosch is a worn-out homicide detective who grew up in foster homes, drinks and smokes heavily and listens to jazz.  Bosch appears in 17 of Mr. Connelly's 26 novels, which have sold more than 50 million copies.  The show is very well written and the acting is also done expertly.  Titus Welliver as Bosch is very believeable in the title role.  I am glad that I watched this pilot and I hope they give Bosch a full season treatment.Thank you for reading my review.
I absolutely love Drop Dead Diva!!
Well I love this nerdy show. I love that the girls try to get smart to under stand the boys who are super smart but act like 5 yr olds by liking super heros comic books etc.
Great show, characters, kept me on the edge of my seat. I am so angry that the show was cancelled just out of greed for even more profit. This does not happen with British TV because corporations don't call the shots.
I LOVE this show!  I appreciate all the aspects of living in a small town that is so realistically displayed in this show.  From the politics to personal interactions to the good people of a town, as well as the bad characters.  A little bit of sci-fy is thrown in too.  I was sorry to see the writers kill off the Sheriff as I like that actor.  But I'm liking the woman replacement, who is of hispanic origins plus it's a woman.  If you have not watched this show it's about te sudden appearance of a clear dome that drops over the small town of Cedars Mills.  The military attempts everything to destroy it without success.  The general concensus is it's a other worldly happening.  Time will reveal what caused it.  If anyone comes near the dome with electronics it causes them to explode.  Which explains what killed the Sheriff.  He had a pacemaker that explodes out of his chest when getting too close to the dome.  Watches, hearing aids and cell phones explode as well.  I LOVE Stephen King and have really looked forward to this series.  My hope is the writing continues to be well done.  Highly Recommended!
I adored season 1 of Person of Interest, but season 2 seemed to fall short. Looks like they got themselves back together because this season so far has been as good, if not better, than season 1. This season really introduces the bad assery of the females. While Carter has not only been an amazing female character but one of color, Shaw and Root really give this show a taste of what TV (and movies) of the future will look like!
Great show overall. Some episodes are better than others but the Unit is a good mix of drama, action & adventure where the good guys usually come out on top.
I can't believe Season 4 is over. It should go on and on for the entire year.I may not even watch it again since there are shows coming out that are getting better and better all the time.The &#34;Crawling Dead&#34; may be the next series for all I know. Or even &#34;Walking on One Leg Dead.&#34; Or &#34;The Confused Dead.&#34;
This show is funny, informative, action pact, and sometimes makes you think.  I love the comedy woven into the hunt to unexplained things.  Well done!
Absolutely love this show. Great story lines that will keep you hooked. I love law (I even have a paralegal degree) and every once in awhile they sneak in a legal maneuver even I don't see coming. Can't wait for season 3.
My grandchildren love Dora and I like it as well.  It helps to teach and re-enforce the good principles that we are trying to impart to them, so that they can grow up and be the awesome kids that we are already proud of!!
This show is full of entertainment, I'm not real sure if any of it is real ,but I tune in to watch every bit of it.
It has a lot of teenage drama and really good songs. If anyone likes that I would recommend it too. Thanks
Watched this when it was on standard prime time TV. Always wondered what happened to it and waited for it to come back. I guess it went to cable which I don't have. So glad the story continued to a second season. Haven't finished watching it yet so don't know if this is the end. What a great alien movie. I like all movies of this type. Most are stupid but this one has a great &#34;family&#34; story behind it. It's really more about that than the focus being on the aliens themselves. I still wish Hollywood would stop making aliens that look like bugs and robots though. Noah Wylie is great as are the kids and other cast members. Acting against a green screen can be difficult but they do a good job. Yay once again to Steven Spielberg.
Strange..but good clean toddler mesmerizing fun. The social skill focused topic is nice and he dances to the retro neuvo eclectic music.
This is a potential of being a great show about nerds for nerds.Most shows that have nerds usually depict them in a demeaning way. The nerd babbles some nerdy thing at which point the "cool kid"/main character usually tells the nerd to get to the point. In "Betas", the nerd/geek may say something nerdy, but it is not followed up by a demeaning dismissive tone by the next character since the next character and most of the other characters of the show are also geeks/nerds.At times this sort of reminded me of a nerd version of "Clerks".The dialog is great if you are also a tech lover. But at times, I thought the dialog tried too much to sound nerdy/trendy. For example one of the characters makes a twitter reference by saying "Hash Tag Intense". That's like someone talking text speak in everyday life: i.e. bff's, lol, rofl, etc. Maybe people actually talk like that, but I've never met anyone like that.I liked most of the characters, but some of them need more polishing or better writing.For example:=Trey is the "main" character. He seems too "normal". He needs to show that he's also a geek.=Nash was a bit too whiny. He needs to be more likable like Richard Ayoade's character from "The IT Crowd"=Hobbes was good, but he need more material when he can be outlandishly, Kramer-like funny. For example, the show missed a great opportunity when the "ValetMe" crew (the group of people that our heros didn't like) was offering JagerBombs at the bar that our heroes were located. Hobbes should have gotten a few shots for himself off camera. His friends could have lambasted him for fraternizing with the "enemy" and Hobbes could have said something like "free alcohol is free alcohol - I don't care whose giving it out".=Mitch needs the most work. He's sort of a blah character right now.=Mickey was greatEd Begley Jr. was also in the show. I've never been a great fan of his.
Although I had already watched the Waters of Mars, I absolutely LOVED the Christmas special! There is no one better than the Doctor, although I'm a bit more partial to #9 and in love with #10, I still think that Matt Smith has been a great Doctor, will be sorry to see him go, but that's what the Doctor does.
I have heard it said that when done properly science fiction can be the best genre for social analogy and extrapolation and tonight's episode entitled "Simon Says" is positively no exception. I found myself constantly alternating between laughter and disgust as this story horrifically unfolded. *Some spoilage ensues...The investigation involves a technologically savvy but socially maladjusted individual who can only find fulfillment in life through the graphic deaths of people who have rejected him. He accomplishes this by sedating them, locking an explosive device around their throats, and assigning them unattainable goals that inevitably cause their gruesome deaths. All the while capturing this personal anguish and terror live, streaming it out for the sadistic enjoyment and approval of an anonymous & taunting online audience.(Extrapolation: It used to be that a person became brave or berserk when they got behind the steering wheel of a car. Now sitting at a keyboard and the anonymity incorporated into social media is quickly developing a new breed of cowardly viciousness.)Unexpectedly this episode also provided some of the bigger laughs I have experienced while watching this series unfold. A secondary story of a solar event limiting power serves perfectly to offset the overall dire nature. And this is where the heart of this series can be found. In the dynamic partnership developing between an emotionally wounded (human) policeman and his near-obsolete (robotic) partner who was programmed with a "Synthetic Soul" and..."Is that all for one person...!?!"Sorry, it's been a few weeks and I am still laughing over that line.Originally learning that J. H. Wyman was going to create a science fiction series that he would also co-produce with J. J. Abrams and Bryan Burk was more than enough to secure my interests. Learning that karl Urban and Michael Ealy had been cast as the conflicted police partners was the frosting on the top. Here's to a good run of it....
I enjoyed this fresh new comedy.  Cant wait to see the next episode of this funny show. Keep them coming.
Great and important premise. Well done scripting. Well acted. Special effects are good enough, and they actually help the show without BEING the show.  Interesting character development. Better every season. Has the makings of a classic!
The series started out a little slow, but the whole family is now hooked. I would not have thought that I'd like an &#34;alien invaders&#34; theme, but that's essentially what this series is about, but it gets involved and more complex as the series develops. Try out several eipsodes- you might get hooked.
This is a quirky romantic comedy about a young man in New York City, who is a pickpocket. He meets a woman and has a passionate affair on a one night stand. She finds out she's pregnant and confronts him with choices and challenges he must make in order to continue the relationship. Very funny, Enjoyable, and Entertaining. Highly Recommended!
This was worth buying if you are a Dr Who fan like me. It was action packed as most episodes are.
I am usually not a fan of any show that employs time travel because of the inherent paradoxes but this one is different.  Our gorgeous time traveler is a great actress and doesn't flinch on the action scenes.  A must watch!
In case you have not noticed, the tv network sitcom is dying.  The few left in competition with this show have either been cancelled for next season, are on cable, are on BBC America or are the new combination called dramedy, like Nurse Jackie and The Big C (a mix of comedy and drama). This show and the THE MIDDLE are about the only two left which I watch on network tv.  They are both great and are released together.If you've never watched it, it is about an extended family in LA and their attempts to get along. There is the patriarch who is remarried to a younger Colombian wife.  There is his son, a gay lawyer with a football playing, farm boy, musical comedy partner.  They have an adopted daughter. Finally, there is seemingly the conventional heterosexual daughter with husband and three children.  Ironically, it is this last family, four seasons in, which now seems the craziest part of the extended family.For those of you who have watched it by now you have probably vacillated, as have I, on your favorites.  It took me awhile but hands down my favorite is now Phil, played by Ty Burrell, the real estate salesman. He is the most developed, nuanced, and comedic of all of these characters.  I love every moment he is onscreen. Originally I liked the gay couple most but that has waned some since their main comedic bit is that they are gay.  Four seasons in they need to become more nuanced comedically. Phil's wife has also become more nuanced.  She can be a real pain at times and thus a terrific foil for Phil.Another reviewer here has commented that the Colombian accent bit used by Gloria with her husband Jay has become grating and they need to cut that back by twenty percent.  Until he wrote this I hadn't realized it but it has become grating.  Her thick Colombian accent four seasons later is just not that funny.I also enjoy the way all of the kids are coming along, especially Phil's kids in interaction with him.
This is a super fun show to watch, just make sure you turn down your TV before it starts (so loud!)
This is a funny bunch here Dawn French is the Vicar of Dibley the town people and her assembly of members keep you laughing for hours and hours. The weirdest things people do yet with a lot of care and love. If your looking for a gift for some ones birthday,Christmas,etc,bless them with a gift of laughter. I also love other British shows; the man who plays Mr.Bean but he is on the police force ,show about the Dentist and his wacky family; Keeping up Appearances, As Time goes By, Have you been served? I would love to have all of those complete seasons. it worth I just have a few cds , of been served,Keeping up Appearance
The first season was difficult to get into because of the story line was a little silly...season two got better....season three is even better...
This a a well document series which is both informative and entertaining.The challenges faced in the wild are both eye-opening and frightful.Very well done.
Top Shot season 3, is the step needed to revive faith in the show. After the disaster that was season 2, we get a season, bringing you back to season 1, but with a much better playing field. This time, each team has equal air time and equal skills of members. The comradery and teamwork season one had, comes back for both teams, resulting in the most evenly matched season of the lot.The compitition stays on challenges and preformence, like season 1, and nominations almost always are based on them. The cast all deliver shining and sucky moments and the individual portion of the game does not dissapoint and delivers some of the best challenges and preformences of the season. The first time where the individual portion, preforms better then the team challenges.In the end, the most likeable person of the season comes out on top and concludes one of the better reality seasons, I have had the pleasure of viewing recently. All five stars justified.
As a longtime Michael Connelly fan, I was impressed by the great casting for the pilot: from  the eminently watchable Titus Welliver to the venerable Scott Wilson. Worth the wait to have such a pleasurably perfect realization of the novels. Looking forward to the series with eager anticipation.
I wish this show hadn't gotten dropped because its an awesome and smart show. Apparently this is based on a real guy who wrote a book about being able to recognize whether people are lying by their facial expressions and body language and there is a website to check out as well. I like movies and shows based on something real. Excellently executed and the actor they got to play the main character is brilliant.
AWAITING THE NEW SEASON OF REVENGE. THE OTHERS WERE GREAT.
Great show keeps you in suspense. Acting is good. Piper is great. Now I can watch a the new ones I caught up
This series is so edgy, the acting is terrific. The history of the 80's is so interesting. I can't wait for the next season to start
I have been a Michael Connelly, and Harry Bosch fan from the first book I read.  I have read all the books and they just keep getting better.  I loved the pilot.  Was not sure about Titus playing Harry, but he did a great job!  The house and view is even better than I imagined.  I would watch this show.  Of all the pilots I have watched so far, this is the best one by far!!  Can't wait to the rest of the season!
Okay, I am a Bosch fan--love the books.  However, I bring with me deep doubts that producers/director will do a good job in translating the books to another medium.  In this case, it works--at least for this first episode.  The writing is of course very good, but it all hangs on Titus Welliver being a convincing Bosch--he brings it off well and expect would get better.  I did cringe once where it was a little to melodramatic.Amazon---let it live!
I thought this show was great.  The story was very original and entertaining.  I was sad to find that there are only 2 seasons because I could watch much more of this show!  It's got a little bit of everything - suspense, comedy, action and drama.
My little one absolutely loves Diego, she has all the stuffed characters and she watches on my iPad while on my lap. We talk about the animals and she is only 2, but answers all questions and follows along with whatever Diego asks her to do. Good learning tool.
Justified is a great story, well-written and the actors are perfect for their roles! Justified is a addictive story about a federal law officer in Miami who was 'punished' by moving back to his home-town area because he had a 'justified' shooting that was unfortunately one shooting too many. Olyphant's character's hometown is in Kentucky - believe it or not the locals are all not all buffoons and inbred hicks (which is unheard of on tv). He is similar to Jack Bauer (from &#34;24&#34;) in that he is strong and confident and can handle almost anything that comes along; and he always does what's right. He is different in that he has an engaging personality and is able to show emotions. He has a modern outlook but he has a firm stance on right and wrong.But the best part is the story lines. Without giving any spoilers away, I can tell you that nothing is easy: an unexpected pregnancy, incarceration, an oxy king and his sometimes terrifying and sometimes hilarious flunkies, a prison break, felonious in-laws,  and more and more. The 'more-and-more part is exceptional writing). This is one series that you don't have to watch from the beginning to keep up, you can start watching here and still know what's going on. Look at the ratings on this - at the time i am writing this, there are 1293 Five-Star reviews and 55 (1 to 3 star) reviews.
I tried the book series but couldn't get into it-both before the tv Bones began and after watching it-they are so different. The series is a wonderful mix of science, friendship,  sexual tension between the two leads and "who did it"- the murder that is, that I am getting each season til I have them all. Watch the show on FOX and get hooked as I did.
Like the books.  Only complaint is there are only 3 in the series.  The characters are interesting and complex with much more to be explored.
This program is one of the best on DVDs on Amazon Prime.  Many critical reviews are available on the internet, and almost all of them gave this program either a Four Star, or Five Star rating. What else can be said?
Well done with characters that are realistic while holding tension if needed.  The stories are very challenging to figure out and unpredictable which I love.
I have to find out if the characters ever get restored to their homes and life in the enchanted forest.
This show is epic... Mad max meets zombie land humor gore everything good and everything bad... It's a great show!
As good as the rest of the Hoarders seasons.  Prepare yourself for the lady that &#34;freezes&#34; her dead cats (yuck!)
The 3rd season of Rookie Blue was a great season. Each subsequent season is better than the last really love this series.
Great entertainment, interesting characters. I very much look forward to each episode. There could be more writing and production like this
this movie was so awesome and really made you think seeing something through a child's eyes is the purest way to see it I loved this movie
Awesome to watch after each episode. There's so many twist and turns someone always can't trust another person, and so much action it leaves me thinking so much, I gotta rewind it sometimes.
Been watching this series since the very first episode. Love the action, intrigue and relationships. Neal is the bad guy you just have to love.
Excellent show. Totally enjoy the &#34;no commercials&#34; version here on Amazon.
a very funny and very touching show.  I like all the characters on this series Bravo!!!!!!  It is very heart warming to see them solve medical problems using items at hand
An original series that has kept my attention for its four seasons.  The characters are well developed, and I have found that I care about what happens to them as they go through their tribulations.  I recommend this for fans of dystopias and post-apocalyptic stories.
Great characters with trust, but often strained relationships dealing with unique problems in unconventional ways. I highly recommend this fun and adventurous getaway!
As writers worked to save "Body of Proof" from cancellation and race to improve ratings, by the end of season two, characters were killed off and characters went on to follow career or family plans.  So, with the murder of Detective Dunlop and departing characters in the season finale, a new chapter begins for "Body of Proof" for its final third season.Featuring new characters and deeper plot featuring more action and more edgier storylines featuring the character of Dr. Megan Hunt becoming much more closer to the cases than ever before.And now the three-disc DVD set of "Body of Proof: The Complete Third Season" will be released in June 2013 courtesy of abc studios."Body of Proof: The Complete Third Season" features 13 episodes on three DVD's. Here is a basic summary of each episode (Spoilerless summaries):EPISODE 30 - Abducted (Part 1) - Megan returns to work after the death of Peter and a serial killer is terrorizing the city.  Meanwhile, an old boyfriend of Megan returns to Philadelphia and works at the Philadelphia Homicide Department.EPISODE 31 - Abducted (Part 2) - Megan's daughter is being kidnapped and the race is on to find her.  But can she trust people who are close to her?EPISODE 32 - Lost Souls - Megan must work on a case in which a young girl appears to be possessed.  Is she?EPISODE 33 - Mob Mentality - Megan and Tommy must work together to investigate who killed a mob leader's son.EPISODE 34 - Eye for an Eye - Megan and Tommy investigate two murders that may have been killed by a vigilante.EPISODE 35 - Fallen Angel - Kate falls for a man named Sergei, but he may be involved in a Russian human trafficking ring.EPISODE 36 - Skin & Bones - Strange rabies are happening around the city and Tommy gets bit by a man.EPISODE 37 - Doubting Tommy - Megan sees Tommy talking to a young woman, who ends up dead the following day.  Did Tommy kill her?EPISODE 38 - Disappearing Act - A wealthy fund manager on trial is kidnapped and murdered.EPISODE 39 - Committed - Megan wants to know how her father died and wants her father's body exhumed which her mother refuses.EPISODE 40 - Dark City - A plane crashes in Philadelphia and everyone must go in disaster mode.EPISODE 41 - Breakout - A convicted inmate  escapes from a prison transport van and he comes to Megan for help to prove that he wasn't responsible for killing the woman he loved.EPISODE 42 - Daddy Issues - THE FINAL EPISODE - When Megan's father's body is exhumed, the coffin is empty.  Who killed Megan's father?VIDEO & AUDIO:"Body of Proof: The Complete Third Season" is presented in Widescreen (1:78:1) - Enhanced for 169 televisions. This is one of the few drama series on television where a lot of the scenes are shot outdoors, to there is good natural lighting and the series does look good on DVD. I didn't see any major noise or compression artifacts. For the most part, the seventh season does look very good on DVD.As for audio, the series is presented in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound and the series is primarily dialogue and music driven. Dialogue is clear and understandable, while the music has always played a major part for the series and definitely enhances certain scenes. Did notice the surround used in scenes with cutting of flesh (during surgery) which was quite clear. There are a few mild action sequences but for the most part, this is a dialogue-driven drama series.The show is presented in English SDH, Spanish and French subtitles.SPECIAL FEATURES:"Body of Proof: The Complete Third Season" includes the following special features:Getting the Shot - (4:17) The cast talk about Patrick Cady, DP Director of Photography and Patrick talks about his job and what he wants to accomplish with each episode.VFX The Ultimate Makeover - (3:11) The VFX crew discuss the post-effects used for "Body of Proof" and how they used visual effects to make the city look like Philadelphia and removing any trace of Los Angeles (ie. palm trees) from the series.  Also adding blood and guts for season three and more.All Kinds of Props - (5:32) Because there are more investigative scenes for season three, more props are used and this featurette goes into the props used for season three.Creating the World - (5:30) The crew that creates the world for "Body of Proof" and creating Philadelphia in Los Angeles and went into creating the episodes for season three.Body of Goofs  - (3:29) Featuring the burning down a house for an episode and what was involved in the creation of that scene.EXTRAS:"Body of Proof: The Complete Third Season" comes with a slipcover case.JUDGMENT CALL:The final third season of "Body of Proof" was a season that would describe as action-packed, edgy and writers and cast putting it all on the line to see if this new direction will receive the green light for a fourth season.Unfortunately, Dana Delany has confirmed on Twitter that the show has been canceled, as fans who have supported the series have hoped that a new home on cable would be found.With that being said, my feeling of the third season is quite positive.  I felt the new direction was a good way to reboot the series featuring a more colder Megan Hunt, new characters and to focus on more action-driven, edgier storylines.  But the problem is whether or not people would accept it.Similar to "Castle" which features a novelist hanging around and helping out an investigator/law enforcement, "Body of Proof" went that same direction by featuring Megan Hunt now being involved in a variety of situations that most medical examiners never have to worry about.  From her daughter being kidnapped, from assisting an investigator and taking part in subduing a criminal, to having an escaped convicted felon breaking into her car with a gun to her head, a possibly possessed woman and an airplane going down near the city.  Meanwhile worrying about how her father really died and wanting to pursue it, as she doesn't believe her father died of suicide.In a nutshell, this describes the adventures of Megan Hunt for season three.You just don't really find medical examiners getting themselves into this much trouble and constantly around investigators during their investigations.But of course, this is television, where things don't have to equate necessarily to actual reality.  Action-packed and dark storylines tend to be the norm and what people want to see, along with very good acting and a solid storyline.The changes made for the third season was necessary.  I felt there had to be a change with characters and I really liked the chemistry between Megan Hunt and Det. Tommy Sullivan was there and Dana Delany and actor Mark Valley clicked on camera,I felt how they included Ethan Gross and Curtis Brumfield to the storyline was much better as they stayed behind-the-scenes and unlike Megan, got involved in action-scenes, it just didn't feel right to see these people trying to hide from criminals as their jobs are pretty much restricted to lab or on the field of duty.And as for Kate Murphy, the character pursuing a political career is actually conceivable and the conflict between her interested in the field and pursuing politics worked well for her character.  A much better storyline than last year's story of Kate dating Megan's ex-husband.Another positive aspect of season three along with the addition of Det. Tommy Sullivan is the addition of Det. Adam Lucas.  These two partners seemed right on television versus Detective Bud Morris and Detective Samantha Baker.  Past seasons, I felt the two characters were not integrated well into the series. Season one felt like comedy, season two they started to make these characters quite right for doing their job and for season three, integrating these characters for every homicide and have them take part in the action/drama was important. It took three seasons for the writers to get it right and I was pleased with how the detectives were utilized!And one final positive aspect to add to Megan Hunt's personality is by showing a vulnerable side to her.  And this is by featuring more of her mother Joan Hunt and her daughter Lacey.  The storyline about mother and daughter but also her past of losing her father and looking into his murder.Once again, something that is similar to "Castle" but with the "Castle" storyline being much bigger and corrupt, with this situation, at least it ties itself up by the final episode.As for the DVD release, picture quality for "Body of Proof" is very good, dialogue is clear and understandable and there are several special features included with the third season DVD set.I'm not sure if the creators or writers anticipated a possibility that "Body of Proof" would not be coming back for a fourth season, but since this is a final season, the good news is that the series does answer a lot of questions in regards to how Megan Hunt's father had died and the series ends with an outcome that fans of the series can be content with.I felt the cast and the writers did everything possible within their limits to making an exciting and enjoyable third season but the fact is that television is changing and there are more options of entertainment that people can tune into.  "Body of Proof" didn't do poorly in the ratings, it actually does better than other series that are still on television but for ABC, whatever reason they chose not to continue it, may it be due to the cost per episode or their ratings barometer is too high, this was the best season of "Body of Proof" and I enjoyed it.I'm grateful to Dana Delany, Jeri Ryan, Geoffrey Arend, Windell Middlebrooks, Mary Mouser and many others from the cast and crew for three enjoyable seasons. They battled hard to keep the series on air but in the end, they delivered when it came to giving one hell of an exciting season for the audience.So for those who have followed and purchased each of the first two seasons of "Body of Proof", this final third season is a worthy purchase to close out the series."Body of Proof: The Complete Third Season" is recommended!
I LOVE this show!!!  I recently discovered this show and have since seen all 6 seasons and I absolutely love this show.  Personally, I've had my fill of reality tv but this show is the exception.  The contestants are truly gifted and the judges are genuinely qualified to judge the contestants creations (all judges are either employed in the entertainment industry or are actors.  Several judges have earned Oscars for their past work).  Additionally, the contestants (even though some are in their early 20's) behave professionally throughout the show.  Only a couple of times have contestants engaged in backbiting or arguing and with the exception of Season 1 contestant Frank, who behaved like a total jerk but eventually redeemed himself on Season 5 All-Stars, they have refrained from showboating and excessive partying.  When a contestant needs help, the others pitch in.  During one episode, a contestant had to go to the hospital because of an injury.  While he was gone, his fellow contestants worked on his molds so that he wouldn't be left without a costume for the reveal.  When the winner is announced, I am never disappointed because the finalists are so talented and deserving.  My favorite part of each episode occurs during the reveal when the finished product is morphed onto the model's natural face.  It is amazing what these artists can complete in only three days time and makes me appreciate the work that special effects makeup artists perform in my favorite TV shows and movies all the more.  This show is a winner all around and is definitely appropriate for all ages.
The developing relationships and tension between the three main characters - especially their constantly morphing pseudo love triangle - has been fascinating to watch. In Season 4, this takes some dramatic twists to keep the story fresh and unfolding.
I buy the series but have not had a chance to view them yet while they are still being shown on TV
Same as the original storage wars but with a colorful Texas twist. Love the down home accents. This is a keeper.
My granddaughter is a fan of Go Diego when she comes to my house she asks to watch it.  She is 3 1/2 and will sit through the whole show. she likes the adventure shows! So anything Diego is a hit.
I love Awkward and can't wait for the next season to begin!  I love all the characters and I really like Sadie's attitude!!
Journeyman looks to be another series with promise. I watched the Unbox download of the Pilot episode, and... If you don't just hate the idea of a show with time traveling involved, this should be a good series for thinking people.The premise seems to be somewhere in a mix of "Quantum Leap" (at least the part of fixing what is screwed up with the timeline) but more "The Time Traveler's Wife, and Ken Grimwood's "Replay".Mid ~Season Update November 27, 2007Journeyman is meeting all my expectations for the shows development. I remain hooked!The make or break for this show will be do the real world characters generate enough empathy to hook you on the show, and will the "fix it" parts of the plot be interesting.I think there is a good chance they can make this work. I hope I am right.
A very entertaining show. Reminds me somewhat of my disfunctional family!I watch it and it reminds me of why we shouldn't behave the way they do. I really do not like the family facing jail time. Maybe that will help them face reality
My wife and I found this gem scrolling through amazon prime on our roku box...hope they bring a season 2
there is a 2-part episode, that is very similar to the movie &#34;Taken&#34; with Liam Neeson...the cast in the show even make reference to it when they talk about Castle. Great show, great season, worth watching.
Suits is an exceptionally entertaining show. Very good character development, good stories and excellent dialog. It is well worth the time. I don't want give any spoilers, so I won't say more. Enjoy!
This series reminds me of &#34;Alias&#34; with Jennifer Garner.  My wife says Covert Affairs seems more realistic to her than &#34;Alias&#34;.  I don't see either of them as very realistic, but certainly good, exciting entertainment.  My wife and I certainly regret that there are no more episodes of either of these series to watch.
I have always loved this show and Guy makes it even better.  He makes you want to visit every one of the places he shows.
I love Swamp People, watching the process of catching 'gators is dangerous, hard work with a large potential for injuries.
Funny, comforting, satisfying storyline. Characters have become like old friends. Look forward to watching it every evening as a bedtime routine.
Great on teamwork and geography.  It's actually tolerable for viewing with children. Better than the majority of pap that's out there.
NO PLOT SPOILERS.In this film Captain America (Chris Evans) is attempting to catch up. He is losing some of the dorkiness which made him lovable. He teams up with the Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) because she tested well with male audiences in the 8 to 80 age bracket. Iron Man is mentioned, but it seems the rest of the Avengers are on vacation during the struggle for humanity.This film has a decent plot (i.e. fitting bad guys for good guys) with a good mix of action and drama. It even has some light moments such as when our twosome are among some old computers and Black Widow does her 1983 "WarGames" voice and proclaims, "Shall we play a game?" Of course Captain America can't catch the humor.Great popcorn film that explodes on the screen. I enjoyed this more than the recent Thor film.
I have made certain not to miss a single episode of this show!Yes, it's that good.It's high school drama that stretches into the post high school world.The show has twists and turns and you will wonder - a lot.Just saw the season finale - Can't wait for season 2.
Dr Who continues to get better all the time - Jenna Lousie is a great companion - bit cheeky at times but livens the show up a lot! Enough said!
I am absolutely in love with Charlie Hunman so I definitely had to give season 6 5 stars. Season six was probably the most gut wrenching of all. Can't wait to see how everything unfolds in the final season!!!
This is the replaced for the Closer!  Wow, a little gory in the first opening shot!  Wow, wife decided not happening for us.  So if you have a strong stomach go for it.  The cast is great, miss Brenda though!
My 4 year old daughter loved this episode of Sophia the First. She was thoroughly entertained during the entire episode.
this is the odd sort of comedy you are likely to find on HBO. well acted and realistic its so Girls meets parenthood. i like it i really really like it. the family's interaction is so believable you know plus they look like they could be actual siblings. i want more.
Every bit as good as the 1st and second season, funny and sad both as well as very entertaining. My husband even enjoys the series.
Was entertaining to me. Good characters and interaction between them. Ranks right up there with Grim. Lots of shows don't get my attention. This one was worth the watch. Also so is falling skies and defiance.
I have enjoyed Eureka thoroughly.  They have a great cast of characters, it is humorous at times, awesome at others.  I think its well done, and I am not a big fan of syfy.  You should watch it, you'll enjoy it.  Nice break from the usual TV fare!!
Raw and violent, reflecting the historical building of the transcontinental railroad.  Absorbing and well rounded characters.  Each episode is gripping.
Like its predecessor, Inspector Morse, you have to watch this carefully because of the rich complexity of the stories and characters. If you like mysteries, you'll love this.
I was really unsure about this show until I had time to kill and watched the first two seasons in a row.  I should have stuck with it past the first three episodes when the series first started.Excellent mythology, character development, and plot lines.Even the supporting cast is great.  Reggie Lee as &#34;Sgt. Wu&#34; finally got an episode centered on him which was fantastic and excellent!Will definitely be ordering the 4th season as soon as it available via Amazon.
We got into this series and just finished the fourth one and waiting until the rest of them come up on prime. Can't wait.
Helen Mirren draws us into her character and expands her depth with her extraordinary acting.  Supporting cast keeps pace with her.  I thoroughly enjoyed the ride!
the season was excellent. the quality on the stream was excellent. no problems at all and well worth the watch if you like the show. they keep stepping up their game.awesome Prime stream.
Season 6 has been bloody and painful as SAMCRO slides downhill to it's fate.Great performances from from all of the ensemble. It's kind of interesting thatas we see more of Jax's children the story gets darker and bleaker.
I can't help but watch this. I read the book it's based on but like the series much more. Like &#34;Deadwood&#34; it's based on real characters, and the storytelling is so suspenseful that It stays with me throughout the week as images pop up in my head unexpectedly at odd times. Jamie Bell is so intense as Abraham Woodhull, that I can't take my eyes off him when he's on the screen, although all the performers do great work. Marvelous television.
Love this show
Awesome!
I gave it five stars because this is fun to watch. you never know whats going to come into the pawn shop. some items are very rare and worth a lot of money. I recommend this show to everyone.
The second season is even better than the first. I hope you enjoy it as much as I have. I hope season three is as good as the first two.
The show continues to be amazing...even with the sudden character changes that occur it maintains the excellent status. I am looking forward to seeing the next season.
My daughter was really into this when she was maybe 2.  She has since moved on to Doc McStuffins and Sofia the First.  I sadly, have not.  It's very reminiscent of an 80's video game with good music.  The Halloween episode is particularly great.
While David Tennant might be my favorite Doctor, the creators and actors never fail to generate hit episode after hit episode :-)
Love dana Delaney in this show. Interesting to see how her family gets brought into the show more this season.
i am always drawn to these alternate reality shows, hoping i will find a new X Files or Fringe.  This looks as if it may deliver but in a wholly different way.  A police detective, played by the always wonderful Jason Isaacs of both UK and USA tv roles, is in a car collision.  However, there are two versions of the aftermath.  In one his son survives but not his wife and in the other vice versa.  In both alternatives, he has a shrink. They have a lot of theories for why he is dreaming another reality. However, our hero is not sure one of them is a dream.  This is because what he does in one reality, impacts on his solving cases in the other reality,  If one were a dream, there should be no such effect. of course, i hope this whole premise doesn't become a vehicle for crime solving so that the show's chief emphasis becomes being a cop show,  that would be a waste of some awfully promising material.  give it a try.
Back in the 1990s strange tiles began appearing in the asphalt in streets in Philadelphia. I live in Philly and always wondered about them but never pursued the issue. There were stories on the local TV news and a few articles in the local papers. And I forgot about these until the release of the DVD issue of this new documentary by Director Jon Foy. I learned a lot, was highly entertained and feel this is a film most Philadelphians should see because, even though the tiles also showed up in other US cities - and even as far away as South America - much of the story revolves around Philadelphia - specifically SOUTH Philadelphia - near the Sports Complex.I won't go into too much detail about the film as other reviewers here (most not from Philly) have done this already. Read them for such info as what the "tiles" were about.It was fascinating to know that Justin - who started the search for answers - spotted the first tile literally 2 blocks from my house! And he was working for a local courier service that I've used for over 20 years! Even the location where the alleged "creator" of the tiles lives is a five-minute drive from my home!Foy captured the search for the answer as to who placed these tiles in the pavements and why in real time and it unravels like a true mystery. The music helps the mood as well.The bonus features on the DVD for this 86-minute film include a full length Director's commentary (which I have not listened to yet), A "galley" of images of the tiles - with commentary - and deleted scenes.I think those in cities where the tiles never appeared will enjoy it but might give it a four star rating. As a Philadelphian, who has seen many of these tiles over the last 15 years, I feel - for Philadelphians at least - this is a FIVE STAR DVD.I hope you found this review both helpful and entertaining.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
The chemistry of the actors keep this ever popular show on the air. It remains a fun show and this season is as good as the rest of them. The more they feature the angel character casiteil , also the better the fans like it too. This show can go for another five seasons if they want to. But it's up to the actors isn't it?  This season has lots of humor and horror as you would expect and being as it's on tv , it's never too gory so the kids can enjoy it too.
This unassuming movie packs a huge emotional punch, and does it in a very small space. Nearly all the action happens in a space capsule, between the six astronauts - but somehow manages that without claustrophobia. The fantastic sets and zero-g scenes make it easy to suspend belief and get with what matters.And what matters, of course, is the crew itself. These aren't just brave men and women, risking themselves in the grandest adventure the human species has ever undertaken. They are driven to find the answer to one of the most fundamental questions: Is terrestrial life alone? Seeing the answer first-hand, whether affirmative or negative, would be an emotional experience worth any price. Bringing that answer back to humanity has the potential to change everything we believe about our place in the universe. But, for all that, these men and women are very human, and experience human losses in human ways. This movie makes all those dimensions of drama accessible to anyone willing to rise above themselves for a moment.LikeMoon, this does a huge amount with very little: small cast, limited staging, modest effects, and a story line not built around what burns or blows up next. I left the theater truly awed.-- wiredweird
Patrick Jane returns with his co-workers at CBI for the fifth season. I think this is the best season yet. I love to watch Patrick Jane watch the guilty and finally get the truth out of them. It is a great DVD set and I highly recommend it.
I never watched 24 when it was on FOX. I love Kiefer Sutherland so I watched all episodes on Amazon and I was hooked. So having these latest episodes is a thrill
I found it to be an enjoyable series though the recognizable science was a bit thin. Towards the end it seemed to me the writers had explored pretty much what could be done in the premise of the show. It was a good idea to stop when they did. If you like science fiction, I think you will like this one.
Smart, super smart. Historical, great acting, great drama. All kinds of action. I was never bored or confused by the plot of the actors. The leads are all top drawer. I am hooked. I cannot wait for the next series to come. There better be another!!!
[NO SPOILERS]I enjoyed the heck out of Hannibal.  You want to view a Psychological Thriller?  THIS IS HOW YOU DO IT!  The characters were outstanding.  Had me from the first episode to the last and wanted to shed some tears that the season ended.Totally recommend this series.  You will not be disappointed.  Kudos to NBC for airing this type of series (shocking of them wasn't it?).  Can't wait for S2. It looks like it's going to be explosive from the way the last episode ended.
Good show,looks like the gap from season 2 to season 3 is pretty wide, new characters, new plot.Did it end? will there be a season 4? looks like it.
The Closer Season 3 is 5 stars.  I recently found this show and I'm hooked.. I am however sad the show is over.  I love that fact there is comedy and drama.  Thank you ... Thank You SO much.. lol
This show is hilarious! I highly recommend to any and all who enjoy a good laugh and don't mind a sexual innuendo here and there.
Great show!! Looking forward to more episodes! Love what they find, they have given me idea's on how to re use old items.
I could do without the romance stuff, but otherwise this series grew on me.  wish they kept it going a wile
Funny original, great story and cast-  here's hoping for season 2 to hey greenlit by amazon because I'd watch that!
I love watching this show and seeing what treasures are found. I'm addicted and will watch to the very end.
This keeps on on the edge of our seats.  I'm not big on chases so that time filler is a bit annoying but the characters, mostly unlovable are complex and challenging.  Lots of intrigue hanging out there for the future.
We enjoy relaxing with Shaun the Sheep.  It has witty humor and is always a delight.  My grandson likes the music that accompanies it and gets excited when I let him watch one.
Usually a series will &#34;hit their stride&#34; by the 2nd or 3rd season.  Life had its &#34;stride&#34; from the very first episode and kept right on going to the very last episode of the second season.  Watch the first and second season as a &#34;miniseries&#34; because we'll not be seeing any more of this great series. Too bad.
One of the best shows ever created. Well written story line with great action and realistic scenes.  This is Sons of Anarchy are the best &#128077;&#128077;&#128077;&#128540;
Read the episodes summaries, or watch one or two to get an idea, but if you watched and enjoyed the first season, then don't stop. Keep watching. After only two seasons, Elementary tops my list of favorite tv shows. The actors' chemistry is great. They entertain with humor, sarcasm, drama, and crime-fighting deductive skills. One of my favorite things about this show is that the focus is on Holmes and Watson. Sure, there are supporting characters, but the focus is on them. This keeps the stories moving forward, and each episode is well-developed because they don't have to cover three sets of actors doing three different things. Oh, and if you haven't watched the first season yet, start with it. You don't have to, but you'll follow some of the plots easier if you do. Also, if you're expecting a true-to-Sherlock-Holmes type of show, don't. This is definitely a different take on Sherlock Holmes, and I think it's brilliant.
What do you get if you cross the paranormal activity ofThe X-Fileswith the conspiracy theories ofNational Treasure, the buddy detectives ofElementarywith the creepy monsters ofSupernatural? One possibility is "Sleepy Hollow", a show that carefully treads the line between genuine scares and tongue-in-cheek humour, is packed full of likeable characters and surprising twists, and which is all somehow based on Washington Irving's short-storyThe Legend of Sleepy Hollow.Really though, the only thing that remains from Irving's original tale is the setting and a few character names. Here, Ichabod Crane is not a nebbish schoolteacher with a cowardly heart and an eye on the town beauty, but a hero of the American Revolutionary War who died in 1781 during a mission for General George Washington, managing to cut off a Hessian assailant's head before succumbing to his own wounds.Two hundred and fifty years later Crane is brought back to life in modern-day Sleepy Hollow, bewildered and disorientated by his new surroundings. It's not long before he runs into Lieutenant Abbie Mills, a young police officer whose own run-in with the supernatural leads her to believe that the recent death of her partner and father-figure, Sheriff August Corbin, was the work of a Headless Horseman, the very entity that Crane thought he had felled back in his own time.They team up in order to bring down the Horseman, and soon find that there may be more to their partnership than each first suspected. Discovering the occult files in Corbin's office, and interpreting a passage in the Bible as referring to them, both Abbie and Ichabod realize that not only is the Headless Horseman one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, but that the two of them are the Witnesses mentioned in the Book of Revelation, destined to fight the encroaching forces of darkness in Sleepy Hollow.And thus the board is set, pitting our two heroes against a range of supernatural threats, with Abbie contributing her street-smarts and authority as a police officer, and Ichabod helping with his wide array of occult knowledge and first-hand knowledge of the Revolutionary War and Founding Fathers, the effects of which still resonate in contemporary Sleepy Hollow. Supporting characters bring their own problems into the mix: Abbie's boss Captain Frank Irving, who gives the duo free rein even as he grows increasingly suspicious of all the paranormal occurrences throughout the township, Abbie's estranged sister Jenny Mills, who has been in and out of psychiatric hospitals ever since a bizarre encounter in the woods when she and Abbie were teenagers, and Ichabod's wife Katrina van Tassel, a witch trapped in Purgatory who speaks to him through dreams and visions.Creators, producers, writers and long-time collaborators Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci (who have contributed their talent to everything fromFringetoAliasto theStar Trek ReboottoHercules The Legendary Journeys) bring their storytelling experience to "Sleepy Hollow", helping the first season maintain a careful balance of one-shot episodes and a long-term myth arc, gradually metering out puzzles and resolutions, and granting it in its entirety a rewatchable quality through its foreshadowing and continuity.Tom Mison and Nicole Beharie have sublime chemistry as Ichabod and Abbie, putting their friendship in amidst the likes of Mulder and Scully, Kirk and Spock, Sherlock and Watson and Xena and Gabrielle (among others) in regards to beloved genre partnerships. Backing them up is Orlando Jones and Lyndie Greenwood as the aforementioned Irving and Jenny, whilst veteran genre-actors Clancy Brown, John Noble and John Cho have important recurring roles as participants in the good-versus-evil conflict. If there is one weak note, it's Katia Winter as Katrina, not through any fault of the actress, but simply because she exists mainly as an exposition fairy, a plot device, and the object of Ichabod's affection.Trapped in Purgatory by evil forces, she has little chance to interact with the rest of the cast, and the audience is given no concrete reason to be invested in her love story with Ichabod. Though she appears frequently in flashbacks, the writers seem unable to get a fix on her character: in one episode she's a powerful witch, in the next she's a Quaker nurse, and in yet another she's a Georgian lady. Hopefully come season two they can figure out how to utilize her properly, or at least flesh her out as a character in her own right.Packed full of creative ghouls, demons and other monsters, "Sleepy Hollow" has fun playing around with American history, Biblical lore and the tropes of ancient folklore, all of which permeate the storylines and give our heroes the edge they need to fight back against evil. The show is also to be lauded for its commitment to diversity when it comes to both race and gender, with a wide range of characters from varying backgrounds and social groups. As a final touch, the show is beautifully shot, capturing the New England atmosphere of the township, complete with autumnal trees and mist-shrouded lakes.Needless to say, there's very little here that bears much resemblance to Washington Irving's original short-story (though Ichabod's long sleep could be a shout-out to Irving's *other* famous folktale:Rip Van Winkle), but the fun lies in the number of surprising twists and turns regarding the history of our two protagonists and the mysteries that surround them. The limited amount of episodes (thirteen as opposed to the usual twenty-two) means that the story can move along at a swift pace without the need for endless filler episodes, and it's packed full of dry comedy, not-too-gory deaths, and tons of intrigue and suspense. What more could you want?After the show's premiere, various reviewers began referring to "Sleepy Hollow" as a "surprise success", though I knew from the moment I saw the first trailer that it would be a hit. It's hard to really pinpoint any singular reason behind its success, suffice to say that it hit the jackpot when it came to cast chemistry, fish-out-of-water comedy regarding Ichabod trying to cope with modern life, and a premise that's so outlandish that it somehow loops back around to working perfectly.And the cliff-hanger ending will have you aching for season two...
Love this show - it's funny, dark, charismatic and gives a whole new perspective on family.  It's provocative natures proves to be both sexy and disturbing all at the same time.
I have watched Bones from day one and have eagerly waited for the coming of each new season.  I was happy when I learn there was to be a season nine.At this time all I can say is that something seems to be missing.  In addition, too much back story has been woven in which I believe detracts from the main theme.  Could it be that the writers cannot address the shows main theme?  I am still viewing each episode, however if the spark does not return within the next two weeks, I will cancel my purchase.The writers eliminated by disappointment (concern) and happiness reigns supreme at the Jeffersonian. The wedding was excellently handled. Papa Max being looking out for his daughter since the beginning. I wonder where the writers are planning to lead Cam?
This show is Great . Theresa has the best personality. Just wish everone could have a reading from her .
This show is well done though at times I feel like going out to stand in the sun after watching it. The theme is dark and the lighting is often dark. Very well done.
I'll get to Rachel Nichols in a minute. She just may be the most talented actress of her generation. But first, this: Like the very best science-fiction stories, Continuum ends up being about human character and human dilemmas, not about tech or theory. Science and time travel and technology are used, not to pleasure geeks with no interest in literature, but to place ordinary humans (or at least, believable humans) in situations that force real, universal emotions into relief -- and thus pleasure those of us who still love good stories about people we can relate to. Yes, friends, this series does all that, and more. What we have is at bottom, a tale of a young mother's loneliness: a woman, Kiera Cameron, stranded in 2012, 65 years earlier than the year that she came from: that would be 2077. She is a loving mother who may never see her son Sam again, and she never manages to forget the perhaps-unbridgable chasm that lies between her and her son. The agony of that separation is the emotion on which hangs this excellent story. Kiera managed to hitch a ride with a bunch of escaping criminals who used time travel as their vehicle. So what does she do in the meantime? She improvises. After all, she is a "Protector", a law-enforcement official trained to defend the powers that rule the world in 2077 -- namely the corporations. What is delicious about this series is that it makes you root for Kiera, while you are all too aware that the "enemies" of the corporate state, the "Liberators", are really on the right side. You just know that enough experience of the world of 2012-13 will cure her of her loyalties -- and then, what?The casting is universally superb. But atop the heap, carrying every episode with style and panache, is someone named Rachel Nichols. She plays a woman who is smart, strong, independent, dangerous, tough, and amazingly resourceful. But wait, that's not all. She is also vulnerable, loving, emotional, sarcastic, sensitive, and even funny. The character is equally at home in extreme combat scenes and in touching scenes with her son. She is eye-candy and she is mind-candy. She is someone you would follow without question. (And her adorable sidekick, detective Carlos Fonnegra, does pretty much that. As does local and future tech genius Alec.) I have never seen an actress who could carry all this off. Until now. She is a revelation. She never ducks any challenge. You watch her character deal with a world she has been thrust into with no preparation, and you get to savor the way she invents solutions, on the spot, to the impossible threats she faces. All this with a subtle humor too -- the "fish out of water" element of the character is not lost on the actress -- it's exploited in a million ways. I'll let others tell you about the other characters -- there are at least 10 who are well-drawn and interesting.The bottom line here is a universal quandary: will you accept the time you are in or will you hearken back (or forward) to another time that you cherish?This is a wonderful series, and it's been renewed for a third season. We are all the richer.
I n season 6 all of the actors showed there true ability to out perform in a dynamic show like the Sopranos.
I think I may have a new favorite show along with Grimm, this has potential to be great if the writers are good and they don't get caught in too much Politically Correctness
I'm going to look very generous, because 5 stars might be a tad high, but I really would like for this pilot to become a full-fledged series so I'll support it despite not being exactly perfect (but neither was the pilot for The After, which I also gave 5 stars to, I'm doing so because I believe both of them, and Transparant, have potential for more).The musical moments were great, New York makes for a great setting, the cinematography was great, it's coming from producers whose work I usually really like (Coppola and Schwartzman)... Overall I'm quite pleased and I'm willing to give it a shot for a full season.The cast members I liked the most, hands down, were Saffron Burrows and a relative newcomer, Lola Kirke. The latter should be the face of the show, not Garcia Bernal's character who I didn't really care for (but then he's mostly a supporting character in this pilot, so as long as the main character remains Hailey the show should be fine). I didn't like the thing Hailey had with the dancer, as long as we focus on her performing, this world of classical music and not her love life, the show should stand out and be better.Mozart in the Jungle doesn't resemble any other TV show on the air, it's definitely something original, and this should be rewarded by a series order.
I have not watched the USA series in its entirety, but I believe that this to me is better than the whole &#34;team psychologist&#34; and broken coach plot. I think that this could be a cool series, and there are some familiar characters that always make it interesting.
The show comes out sunday night, we get it monday morning, a fair deal that makes my monday night all the more zombie-riffic.
I always liked this show...can not get enough of it...but then again am in Legal school andin Law school Real Estate/contracts will be my major !
We LOVE Shaun the sheep! Just good clean fun, with humor that hits at multiple levels, so it's fun for adults too.
I enjoyed all three seasons of V. Mars.Sad to say: season three was the lastseason but the movie:Veronica Mars opens March 2014.
The item arrived very quickly and was in perfect condition.  The purchase, etc., was very easy.  I would be very happy to make further purchases from this seller in the future.
I started watching this series while traveling and have really enjoyed it.  If you like the super hero category, then you'll likely enjoy this.  It is not gory or overly scary - so a family can enjoy it.  For the most part it is very clean, though there are some adult sexual situations (nothing explicit) that you not want the younger ones to be exposed to.
I absolutely love this show.  It has adventure, love, travel, sci-fi, heart wrenching events, just everything you want and then some.
how will all of the crazy resolve itself?how will the writers bring all of the elements into harmony, without crushing suspension of disbelief?i do truly hope that more are in the pipeline; even a finite number of shows determined at the beginning would be better than for Amazon to let this one go.
Entertaining and educational. My granddaughter loves Diego. We recommend. It seems to capture and keep her attention. Hope you and your kids love it as well.
This British sitcom about life in the small English town of Clatterford is penned by Jennifer Saunders of Ab Fab fame. It I enjoys a cast of who's who of British Comediennes. It revolves around the eccentric group of women involved in the church guild of the small town. Sue Johnston plays Val the central character a nurse for the town doctor who happens to be her husband and who is widowed in the first episode. Her best friend, the bitingly funny Irish woman Tip is played brilliantly by Pauline  Mclynn. She works in the medical dispensary with Val and knows the medical secrets of the entire town. Dawn French (of French and Saunders) plays Rosie the town's lovable split personality with warmth and humor.  Joanna Lumley plays  elderly blue blooded Delilah in the first season a deaf and clueless eccentric.  Rounding out the Ab Fab team is Saunders herself playing name and double entendre dropping horsewoman Caroline. The list just grows from there  as the women of the guild get up to lots of trouble trying to cut a swath in the ever changing modern world. This series has plenty of heart seasoned with wickedly funny situational comedy, a real character driven piece.
I have been watching this since Season 1. I love how they struggle to keep themselves alive and still face adversaries from within groups.
Blue's Clues is a wonderfully engaging show for pre-schoolers. There's an educational theme to each half hour show and the host involves the viewers in the fun and games.
I had honestly not heard of this series before, looking for an entertaining mystery/detective series, I gave it a try. Excellent scripting, superlative casting, first-rate acting throughout. The supporting cast members are as capable, attractive, and entertaining as the lead. It's impossible not to like Vincent Gallagher: tough but vulnerable, funny, brave, all man. The setting in Manchester was a plus, also: not the city one thinks of first for a thriller.
This show is amazing. I can not wait for the next season to start. Hot guys and hot exciting action.
Loved this show. Would love to see it as a series. Fantastic acting and funny dialogue. Really cool, rich world.
A wonderful talent that tells succinctly so much of what many of us believe.  The cleverest of all genres is comedy and especially comedy that brings with it truth and is concerned with opening our eyes to what is churned out in front of us day after day, in other words, making us think as we laugh.  Colbert's ability to maintain the persona he has created is truly a gift.
This series was phenomenal!!!!! Glenn Close was awesome!  I ended up watching all the seasons, and was so disappointed that the show ended!
I am glad they brought back this show, season 3, this episode is good. Looking forward to watching the next one..
This was actually much better than expected. Contrary to one review, I found the narration fast paced and interesting. The technical details are well presented and accurate. The tactical skills of the fighter pilot are graphically demonstrated and the original footage has been well chosen. If you are interested in technical details and tactics this is a well formatted docudrama. For those who are curious about the aura of the 'fighter ace,' this includes a psychological  profile. The description of the F-86 Sabre and the MIG-15 is accurate and includes manufacturing  details as well as maneuverability and equipment.  Worth the time to form your own conclusions.
There's not a lot to say since we are just three episodes into the fifth (and last) season of The Fringe. However, the series has never failed to satisfy. Having to wrap up story lines with the impending demise of the series may mean that early fifth season episodes are a bit enigmatib, but I'm sticking with the season and the storyline, confident that all will be revealed and we have some excellent surprises in store.
Okay the ending made me laugh out loud. That guy was like The Fear from Metal Gear Solid 3 (http://youtu.be/fYn1vVjCefE?t=1m40s). But the rest was fantastic. I love the variety of characters and their realistic reactions to extraordinary circumstances. Love that 25 minutes in we got an X-Files-esque whistling theme. Love the sprinkling of mystery about the whole thing without drawing too much attention to it.So the real question: is this all taking place inside a person's head with multiple personality disorder? Because (SPOILER ALERT) that was the plotline of Identity, where all of the characters also had the same birthday.
I like the attention to detail (takes place in the early '60's) on the sets and props. The acting is excellent! My favorite show.
This pilot is great! The concept is so unique, the acting superb, the characters so believable and interesting&#8230;I can't wait to see what happens next! I'm not typically someone who enjoys character dramas much, but the creators of this show were able to capture something incredibly refreshing to watch. I can easily imagine Mozart in the Jungle winning a few Emmy's in the future. My only fear is that it becomes something I've seen several times before on TV&#8212;a sappy relationship drama that takes place in a big city. Keep it believable, keep it quirky, and keep it different!
Hysterical movie.  Laughed through the entire thing.  Isla Fisher steals the movie and Caplan is simply fabulous.  Kristin Dunst plays a smart, do-it-all, in-charge, dating the right-guy type, modern young woman who is not happy.
New subject matter leaving some new series in the dust.  Interesting concept but sure someone can master it.  Worth your time.
This show is an example of creative minds at their top level of writing performance.  The idea which is similarly used in the X-Men series, is taken several steps farther into the future and leaves the viewer with the feeling that we are getting closer and closer to the possibility that the technology suggested could actually become our present.
I was sad when The Closer was discontinued but I have to say I do like Major Crimes.  Mary McDonnell's character has redeemed herself in my eyes.
Ghost Adventures continues to push the buttons of ghosts & demons. Not sure if it is a great idea as I know they have had repercussions sometimes. I do wish them all the luck!&#128519;
I viewed this show on a suggestion from a friend and was pleasantly surprised at how great it is . I am still hooked.
JR is as rotten as ever. The cast and plot are great! Too bad Larry Hagman passed away. Can't wait for next season!
The Programs in this series, and those related to it/them (NOVA, How the Universe Works, The Universe, et.al) are excellent storehouses of information for those such as myself who are constantly seeking to increase our perceptions of who and what we are in the &#34;grand scheme&#34; of things!  For &#34;Amazon Prime&#34; members, Amazon can't add enough of these sorts of programs!
We had never seen it, we've been watching them back to back a few each night for weeks...almost to current season. This show is so cute and funny. I don't know how we missed it all these years!
Just streamed this in because i missed the BBC-A broadcast and i have to say that Instant video has gotten loads better since Season 3. The broadcast was continual and there were no issues, which was a nice.Season 4 of Being Human picks up where Season 3 left everything, with Mitchell dead and the roommate's in a spiral. It is not the only thing to have happened, however, and the happenings are huge. By the end of this episode the show will have gone through an enormous change and it leaves a lot of questions up in the air. I do not want to ruin any of that, because it kind of shocked me just how much they were willing to rearrange things. It also made for quite the show.Switching to scenes from 2037, there is a storyline being developed here that deals with George and Nina's baby, the War Child, and a prophecy that vampires have on it. I liked that idea, and the way the show was presented made me really wonder what was happening. honestly, I was afraid this would be a "getting over Mitchell" episode but it was far from that. It was a "changing everything forever" kind of show that makes me think that maybe the show is going out and going with a bang.I really liked the fact that they put some human in here, too, keeping some parts very serious and some parts light. The beginning kind of sits a tone there, contrasting the protective George and the seriousness in the home. There is also the introduction of some new faces, lots of them, and a new trinity of roomies that may be a new focal point. Combine that with a lot of "go" and you have the episode.I'm really looking forward to the show this season - 5/5
Just love Bendict Cumberbatch, I didn't know who he was until I started watching Sherlock Holmes.  Now I'm sherlocked on him I have to see everything he makes.  This movie didn't disappoint.  All great actors.  He is scrupulously fabulous.
I love this series! I've watched every episode twice and am on my third viewing. There simply isn't anything to compare. I've watched Poirot acted by different actors for a few of the episodes. They are alright but nothing to get excited about. David Suchet plays the part of Hercule with impeccable taste and accuracy. He captures the character with every gesture. It is a real pleasure to watch the master at his craft.
I HAVE TO ASK MYSELF CONTINUALLY IS CHIKLIS JUST ABOUT THE BEST ACTOR I HAVE EVER SEEN? HOW IS IT THAT HE CAN IMBUE A TRULY HEARTLESS CRIMINAL WITH JUST ENOUGH HUMAN QUALITIES TO MAKE ONE KEEP HOPING THINGS WILL GET BETTER FOR HIM? ALL THE ACTORS ARE REALLY GOOD AND THE SCRIPT'S TWISTS AND TURNS KEEP THE TENSION BOILING.
Bought this for my husband. And he watches it as soon as a new episode pops up. If he's happy then I'm happy!
This sitcom is bad ass! Its funny as hell! I will be getting all seasons! Plus it came extra quick and came in excellent condition!
I've enjoyed the first episode and although I will say I like the BBC version better this isn't bad for a knock off.  The chemistry between the characters will hopefully develop in time and the quirks are good.
Arrow is a fantastic series.  I have watched it from the beginning.  I cannot wait for each new episode.
My six year old daughter and I love to watch these together.  I feel as though it is more appropriate then any Hannah Montana or anything else kids are watching these days and the show gives us all sorts of things to talk about from history to clothing.  this show is so fun and I love sharing it.
This show has been nicely put together.  Just when you think it's going to be okay something else happens.  We love watching the season unfold.  There is so much betrayal; it's hard to even see half of it coming.  The plot is about a young woman who wants revenge for the atrocities that were made against her father.  She wants nothing more than revenge.  Sometimes she has a heart but that just gets in the way.  The other characters are mostly just awful people getting what they deserve.  She is good!  Her best friend is quirky and has a great character as well.
I love the show and every episode is as exciting as the other  give it five stars  Its such and exciting show
Season 11 has been, in my opinion, one of the best seasons of Hell's Kitchen in a very long time.
This is a very good mystery.  I believe you will enjoy this movie and is good for the whole family.  Very good acting in this movie.
Unfortunately Netflix quit showing this and it is our 2 year old son's favorite show, so we got it on Amazon thankfully so he could enjoy his favorite show again.  Thank you Amazon!
I thing that they are better with each year.  I can't believe they have stopped creating these wonderful shows.  I will miss them.  Why is it that once something great comes along they discard it.  Great show guys.  We need more like this.
I was sure I would not like this show when we saw Season 1, Episode 1.I now watch Major Crimes any chance I get, before choosing any other show I stream.
Jax has to realize that an areolae is like a finger print. He better hope the people he is selling this to never saw her's. Come to think of it, so is a thumb print.
This just confirms that the Paleo diet makes sense. Visit Mark's Daily Apple, Civilized Caveman or Nerd Fitness for more confirmation.
The 5th season of Castle did a couple things very well.  First, it brought closure to, but did not totally conclude the who killed Beckett's mother storyline.  We finally find out who was behind it all, but the door is left open for more story lines involving that person.  Secondly it finally brought Castle and Beckett together as a couple.Obviously in this kind of show there is always a danger in the series running out of steam when the couple is finally brought together.  That really did not happen this season.  Stana Kanic and Nathan Fillion have very good chemistry, and the writing around the characters did not get stale.  I also liked the fact that they did not go the predictable route and split them up shortly after getting them together.  The writers let the relationship play out over the course of the season.  There was tension in the relationship in the final few episodes, which provided a nice lead up to the cliffhanger ending.The standout episodes of the season to me were the Rear Window spoof, the two-part episode where Alexis is kidnapped, the one where Castle is framed for murder, and the episode where Beckett is caught on a bomb.  That last one shows many of the great moments from the prior seasons through flashbacks.  The show also keeps up the tradition of throwing in references to Firefly, having awesome guest cameos, and overall a great mix of comedy, drama and romance.The show dos not fit into any one specific category.  Like I said above it is a blend.  It is not a comedy but is very funny at times.  It is not a straight up drama, but it does put characters you care about in dramatic situations, and there is romance but it does not dominate the show and is not cheesy.  All in all it is a well written, well acted series and definitely worth checking out. I would advise strongly against just jumping into the show this season if you have not watched the prior seasons.  While there is a story of the week element to the show, there are also multiple arcs that have played out and if you have not seen any of the previous episodes you may be lost at times.For those who do get the DVDs, there are a few bonus features.  There are deleted scenes, commentary on some episodes, a blooper reel and some behind the scenes features.  Not a ton of material, but enough to make those who like to go through that stuff happy.
This program is strange in that I can never tell what the real truth is until the very end of the program  Leaves me with my mouth open every time and I would love to see this series go on.
Longmire is one of those people you love to watch, he is tough as nails and when it comes to family he will break any rules to ensure safety as best he can.  I assume we are going to find out more about the guy that killed his wife this season and that bit sounds interesting.  The political side of this keeps you a bit on edge since you can never be sure where the deputy actually stands in this battle of wills and the random appearances of Gerald McRaney as the father of Branch Connelly.  Then you add in Lou Diamond Phillips and you have the cast to make this a great hit.  I know that Katee Sackhoff gets top billing in many articles but even though I enjoy her character here I was never much of a fan of her characters in Battlestar Galactica.Bottom Line:  This is a great show, great cast and should not be missed, it is my summertime fix when I want to watch Justified but can't :)
I love the show, but I miss Shane's out of the box thinking. I think the group should head to Stamford, Ct. to find out who is the baby daddy.
19:52 has a different card house. too bad.on the black spot episode, the tardis was taken by the ghost. i loled. tardis was in the sick wardhe shakes snowglobes. haa. it is important.
was fun to watch and my wife and I enjoyed it! What more can I say -- anything rather than watch 643,588 drug commercials between the actual 30 minutes of show. Do all men who watch this have erectile disfunction - that sure seems to be the audience they are targeting.
I enjoyed this documentary and I was not a Johnny Carson fan.  I grew up with Johnny Carson but I was not a regular viewer.  When I watched Johnny Carson, it was basically for the younger (my) generation of comedians.  I learned he was born the same year as my father and he started in TV when TV was beginning.  I always thought he was younger than Dad and came along after TV started.  His show, his personality, his standards and his values remained constant over time.  It was a show that was truly American and truly TV and he did it all pretty much live.  He had many accomplishments, was very generous to his guests and to the community, enjoyed life and left a long lasting legacy to American pop culture. Truly a remarkable man.
My almost 3 yo granddaughter every now and again orders new episodes :) try to be angry with an adorable little red head. These programs are her favorites and super interactive and educational!  I don't even mind watching a few.
my kids loved it
I like watching bones it is a great program. I have watch every season and can not wait till the ten season .
What a great show!BEST SEASON ENDING (of a crime TV show) OF THE DECADE!All the other writers for TV can learn here how it`s really done....
the office is a hilarious show that will forever be part of tv history all the characters are great and im sad to see it go but it had a good run i definitely reccomend
This show is capturing the imaginations of fans everywhere and for good reason, it is exceptionally well done.  The casting and exciting storylines are unique in their complexity and the actors are great.  It seems they have a hit on their hands if they can keep the politics and political correctness out of it.I am now several episodes into the show and surprisingly it seems to be getting even better.  I think they have a hit on their hands.
I don't know how such a well-written, quirky, and thoroughly amusing show made it to network tv, but I am SO grateful! AS many of my favorite sitcoms, Parks and Rec, and Big Bang, move toward cruder and cruder and explicit sexual language, I despaired of finding 'truly funny' again, and was ready to retire my tv. Then along came Neighbors! Watch it-it is hands down the funniest show to come on tv in a long time. Very original, every actors is great in this. In the first few shows, the children were pretty wooden and I hoped they would fade into the background, but the writers seemed to have spent some time fleshing them out and their presence now adds to the story line.I love Neighbors night on TV!
I agree with Jeeves! I hope Amazon gets permission to offer the rest of the series (12 in total) now that 'Endeavor' has become the prequel to Morse. Both are absolutely the best!
Great Twist. Cat is awesome as well as Vincent. Cannot wait until the next episode. Wish they were longer. Good action.
Hilarious show. I watch it also because the dances are awesome. Abbey is a hoot. Even thought a little mean at time.
Smart, engaging, fascinating TV. Be warned, AMC stupidly cancelled after one season, so that's all there is. I still say it is worth watching, but better to know than not.
This is an enjoyable and educational show for toddlers.  It has an easy to follow format that will help your child learn, as well as be entertained.
We really enjoyed every minute of this show!!  The acting was great and the story line sure keeps you interested.  We are looking forward to watching Season 2.
My grandkids view these episodes on my Kindle Fire.  The sound and pictures are clear, the colors bright.  They really enjoy watching Bubble Guppies.  They are about ready to start watching Season 2.
i can't believe it, it's the best.  i started watching and i got thru season 1 in one day.  now i'm on to season 2.  the people are so very interesting that i can't wait to see what's next.
Great quality, great pricing. It took me a while to finally get hooked on the show. I couldn't get past the talking human-dog. Give it a shot. You won't regret it. Also, I like shows that have morals (I don't need a lesson in religion). I guess I should clarify. I like shows that have clearly defined reasons for being..
This was a great series with good acting and true to the time period. London Hospital was ahead of it's time as far as treating the sick and injured. It was fascinating to see how people were treated and that the hospital opened at 8am with patients lined up at the gate. London Hospital pioneered new treatments and procedures while treating the poor. I loved that they smoked in the operating rooms while working on patients as the patients drank a cup of tea!  If you like history and medicine you should watch this series.
I have watched a lot  of BBC mysteries, and for some reason have totally missed this one. I found this on Amazon Prime, and so glad I did...it is really interesting.
What an interesting premise and context. The world of classical music. How new and different. Here is an antidote to network sitcom despair.
When the show began I was worried as I had difficulty understanding the dialogue between Harry and his partner, but once the scene shifted indoors the dialogue was clear. That is the only complaint I had.  The show was well casted, well written and produced, and overall just so much better than the majority of network tv shows.  Well done, Amazon.  Can't wait to see more!
I've watched seasons 1 - 4 so far and enjoyed them all.  Mike and Frank set up a friendly bantering when they are on the road.  It is fascinating to see the &#34;rusty gold&#34; that they find in some people's piles of junk.
I saw the previews at the local theatre. Then saw it advertised here on Amazon and took a chance. Wow I am impressed. It contains NO CGI, NO exploding buildings, NO alien attacks, NO talking robots, NO end of the world stuff, NO dinosaurs and NO collapsing government plots and yet was probably the most enjoyable movie I have seen in a long time. Plot was a little shaky to start but not once was I bored or disappointed with it. Both Pierce Brosnan and Aaron Paul were memorable in their respected parts but Toni Collette(Maureen) was outstanding. The real scene stealer is Imogen Poots (Jess) with a truly remarkable part. If nothing else, this movie was easy on the eyes and ears. So get your popcorn ready and enjoy!
Really enjoyed watching this show. Got us hooked from the first show and have enjoyed the whole season. Would recommend.
A little over the top but aren't all reality shows?This is just plain good fun and silliness with actual good family values.
Maybe its just the giddy feeling when I see a new take on a character but this show is bound for greatness and the reasons are simple and are all in the first episode. Although they have changed the physique of two of Batman's major allies; It matters not for in the end the dynamic between the characters is correct and fun. Can't wait to see the fem-fetal Robin. Plus the one great thing about this show as a little factoid: you'll notice only a couple names still on the credits from Batman: TAS because DC purposely wanted this show to be done by completely fresh blood aka NOT BABY BOOMERS.
I have watched this show from the beginning and I love it!! Eric McCormick does a fantastic job as Dr. Pierce!! Loved him in &#34;Will and Grace&#34;!! He is an amazing actor!!
Topical and funny humor, enough witty and enough dumb stuff to keep you entertained for the full 22 minutes of the show
This is another season of the great British mystery series of Foyle's War.The series is set in Great Britain during World War II and each successive season sees the progress through the war from the point of view of the Detective as he oversees the small constabulary of his town that covers the town and its surrounds.  He is a quiet and very effective detective who is constantly observant of his surroundings and great at deduction.  He refuses to be bullied or pushed around.  He knows what his job is and what is right and will not deviate from either.He can be thought of as a predecessor of the American police detective, Colombo.
Really took a few shows to grow on me, but now I'm hooked. I've warmed to all the characters and will watch almost anything with Ted Levine in it. Nice change for this kind of series. Feels fresh.
As most fans of British t.v. dramas know, we don't even make series such as this in the U.S.  This is for adults, with great character development and unfolding plots, not boxed into a 1/2 hour.  And no vampires.
Let me start by saying ...I am not a fan of guns. Not at all. But i am a fan of talent and creative competition. Top Shot fits that ticket in big bunches.  You just marvel at the contests and the competence of the contestants . ( dont always like them. in past seasons,..but that doesnt effect their talent).  Personally i really want to meet the folks who think up these contests ..and study their brains lol
Though I cannot approve of all of the content (like glimpses of nudity), I nevertheless totally enjoyed it. They did a good job retelling the old story in modern times.
At first I was skeptical, but then I saw Jayne from Firefly on the bridge and was like, &#34;okay, Ima watch this now.&#34;  The dialogue is well written with some subtle humour tucked here and there, and the cast is strong. And being focused on the handful of humans left alive as the rest of the world goes dark due to a virus also makes for a good story.
I love this show, it looks like it is going to be cancelled, such a waste.  If they'd give it time, I think it would grow into a real hit.  The story lines are engaging, the acting is wonderful.  The premise is unique and interesting.  Shows which are different need a time to grow, it is a pity this show will not be given that chance.
Great characters and storylines
This series is more like a really long movie, very well made.  Watched the first two seasons, and even though the ending tied up a lot of loose ends I wish there were another season!
MY FAVORITE SHOW ON TV. THIS WAS INSTANT STREAMING FOR MY KINDLE.
Great series with numerous twists and turns. Although some what historically inaccurate, it still is very entertaining and in this case the added fiction makes for a better story line. Very believable characters, great costumes, adult themes and content; not for young children.
Cute, cute, cute. The young'uns love this program and the adults can easily find humor and enjoy watching along.
As I wrote in the review for season one.  This is a good show and the only thing I am unhappy about is that it is no longer being produced. Considering how many really bad shows are on the air I just don't understand why a good one like this fails.  Except the name and description don't sound interesting.  The show is though.
It hasn't been renewed , which it should be. This is a classy tv show about a cop , his woman and real life gangsters , mostly.  In reality the mob had bugsy siegal killed. and he drove them to it!  He really did, they gave him chance after chance and he told them he wasn't going to share his drug dealing profits. He was classy for a mobster for sure. And handsome but he was still a psycho and you get that here in Edward Burns great performance of him.  In fact the cast is all great in this tv series.. John b. does a fine job as the love struck cop who will do anything to protect his woman. Simon peg is great as 'hecky nash' too. The way this looks is so awesome too. As if you are looking at the 1940's in vivid color!. It's sets and such are outstanding.  This show is addictive , I watched every ep in a row!  I didn't know it existed! But if it comes back I will catch it on tnt.  IF. I hope so. Check this out , it's so well done that you will want it to keep going , only it's a very short series.  Watch in hd , this show really shines in that format.
Love the way it spans the topic. Wish there was more that I could add to my queue. I would add them in a second!
I only allowed myself to watch this and The GOOd Wife. So sorry to see such an inspirational character go. I cant even watch until the final season is complete-i feel like I need to savor the episodes! LOL Crazy huh!
Excellent documentary that makes a very impressive argument that we need to revoke the law pertaining to mandatory minimum prison sentences, particularly for non-violent crimes.This documentary helps prove what I have been saying about the prison industrial complex for decades: It's about money, not about people.The prison system in the United States is no longer about racism, but about classism.  Those on the top make tons of money off of the people on the lower end of the spectrum.  It's rather sickening.
I love this show!  Amazon hit one out of the park with this one.  I definitely recommend this show.  Watch it!
I would not want to have many 24 hour days like Jack Bauer has. Just too intense for me. As always, Jack is a hard core patriot who will sacrifice himself in an instant for the good of friends or country.
I love this program. I think the seasons keep getting better. I think the star of the show is get.
if you are easily offended, dont watch this!! great show, you do need to watch the first season as each season is a different storyline!
I'm a big fan of GG, and have followed the series since the beginning. After a somewhat disappointing seasons 4 and 5, I was 'over' the show. However, season 6 was much better and tied up a lot of loose ends - and wow, what a finale! Bittersweet to see the show end, but I enjoyed the ride!
I must find out what happens next. I want to see if the baby grows up to become just as heartless a killer as her brother is.
If you love food, friends, and more food, this is the show for you.  Iron Chef Booby Flay goes out of his comfort zone to sharpen his skills and learn some new ways to do things from people that are called the best in their area.  What a humble guy that is willing to go the extra mile for his craft.
David Tennant is my favorite all time Doctor! I absolutely enjoyed each minute of  these episodes. I'll be very happy to see him return in the 50th anniversary special!
It is great to see a small business turn trash into treasure. It makes me want to go out and fix something!
So much fun to watch!
these are craftsman at work here,...like the film Patriot, this story is told from the point of view of a colonial era farmer, with a wife and a newborn child, whom has no desire to involve himself in the &#34;troubles&#34; ..life in the colonies is hard enough...but events spin out of his control...his friends and his past pull him toward spying against King George and his Redcoats, and the mercenarys who do the dirty work...
No idea who this woman was or is as she's still alive and well and still doing secretarial work.  Just a very interesting story of one woman who was the one and only secretary the Beatles ever had which George Harrison mentions in one of those Beatles Christmas fan appreciation recordings they used to produce back in the early days.
Well, if you are looking for a different type of Western series, this is it.  The basic premise is different as well as the really authentic clothing and styles.  I'm glad I didn't live back then; times were really tough and life was a major struggle. I also like Anson Mount in the lead role.  He looks and acts the part perfectly.  Season 2 continues on with Cullen Bohannon and his goal to bring all of the people that murdered his wife and son to justice (HIS justice).  A very enjoyable series with a lot of twists and turns.
This is a series that give you an insight into the bikie world of hard crime but also the soft side
This show is much much better than I had ever hoped. It succeeds brilliantly on all aspects, from storytelling to acting, from direction to production, it is first rate. I had lost interest in the show during season two and had no real desire to watch season three but I saw the dvd and it was an impulse buy. I spent the last day watching the entire season and I was captivated. It is so rare for a science fiction show of this quality to be made anymore. It is truly one of the great seasons ever and, if the Emmys truly meant excellent in tv, the show would receive nominations all over the place.I should point out one person in particular, though I do not even know his name. The actor who plays Gaius Baltar is truly exceptional. It is worth watching just for his performance alone, but that is not to diminish all the other fine actors. There is not a weak performer in the whole season.An AMAZING season.
All my kids love Caillou. He's educational and fun. Something my 7 and 3 year old can agree to watch together.
Walt Longmire is Matt Dillon today, with some major differences. He has a supporting staff (c'mon, we LOVE Chester!), that jumps at his every gruff request. It's more like a western version of &#34;Law & Order.&#34; I almost expect to see a Dick Wolfe credit at the close. There's a standing joke about how Walt doesn't have a cellphone, but everybody around him does have handy cellphone loaners when he needs it. And he's surprised how many times he needs it. Anyway, Walt is a no-nonsense kind of guy that has great instincts about crimes committed in his neck of the woods. Great supporting staff, good writing, a joy to experience.
I watched this film twice because it was just such a great mixture of bitter and sweet. Its a lovely tale of a relationship between a Chinese orphan and her Australian sponsor. Its an explorative tale of gratitude, innocence and the myth that the West is somehow always better than that in the East. Its a heartwarming tale and the acting by Pierce is wonderful as we would expect but the laurels go to  Zhu Lin. Zhu Lin is inspirational in her performance and over powers every other actors presence throughout the film, even that of Pierce. I would recommend this film to anyone since it left me with such a good feeling and I will be looking out for any film starring Zhu Lin. She produced a wonderfully charming and genuine performance.
This is the perfect title for this show.  I would call this along the line of the incredible hulk with an extra beauty as an addition. The way the guy is made up when he gets upset looks pretty damn good for being a "beast".  I have not missed an episode since it started.  The girl plays a beautiful cop with a bit of "beast" in her sort of like Chuck Norris. The friendship develops very strong and is a perfect addition to make the entire show.
Good casting great story one of the best tv series to date. I must but for any tv show fan!
Bryan Cranston and company have turned this series into one of the best TV has to offer. It is intriguing, compelling and at times, quite shocking. Breaking Bad has mesmerized audiences by giving us a glimpse of what a man is willing to do when he feels he has little left to lose in life. Taking the final steps in the right direction, the producers of this show have hit the "nail on the head" with the theme of "The Transformation Of Walt To Heisenberg."  We have been able to watch Walter White change before our very eyes into one of TVs most captivating characters and we want to see how it's all gonna end.5 stars all the way.
I loved season one of this show...thoroughly lived it.  Initially I was disappointed with the direction this season took because I wanted more haunted-house stories.  But when I got involved in this season, I couldn't believe how great it became.  Great storyline. Great actors.  Can't wait to see what they do next.
We are great full to able to watch the next two seasons on dvd .  We enjoyed the first two seasons but couldn't find more.Then there it was.  We are watching no. 3 and will watch no. 4 after that.  Very good program with out a lot of offence language.Thank youThe Croosbys
This is one of the few History channel shows that actually discusses history. It's generally filled with interesting trivia. Highly recommended.
I really enjoyed this entire series and surprised with the ending.  The characters portrayed some very 'human' responses, and kept me wanting to follow the outcomes.
Nov. 8 2013, I just love the way this movie was made!  I think the produces and writers were very thoughtful in the way they presented this story and answered a lot of questions for me that have been ignored by the government for far too long until the democratic party decided to open up the files.  This is a story I would watch again and I hope to see more. Since it says season 1, there is hope for more. Very good story line.  I have to say that I still wated to know what happen to their daughter whom got the lobotomy?
I wasn't expecting this show to be this good. The writing is great and the storylines are engaging, as are the characters. The acting is spot on. All to be expected from a Rockne O'banion production. So if you liked FARSCAPE or FIREFLY you're gonna love this, but don't get too attached to it. It's a Syfy original show, so it's probably already been cancelled or will be soon.
You know what's going to happen. You know Jack is going to bust chops, break legs, get thrown off cars, fall of buildings, lie to people, tell the truth to people, (where important), put himself in danger, put others in danger, pull head fakes, juke, jump of low bridges, pretend to be docile then smash someone in the head, shoot wildly with incredible accuracy, but.. hey. It's Jack. It's what he does. What is interesting and this is where credit goes to the writing team and the directorial team in creating what various television shows across the spectrum attempt, but rarely achieve. That would be, to put the protagonist and therefore the plot in such a state of peril, based on real world logic, (no magic rabbits here, for the most part...) that the entire plot dances like a grease bubble in the center of a very hot frying pan, oscillating perhaps a degree here, or there, but for the most part fulminating like liquid mercury on a hot plate. Hiss! Sizzle! Bubble! Which is not easy. You really have to be a strict disciplinarian, 'no he cant' say to himself, &#34;she must have gone that way, because it was a red door,&#34; or some other dubious form of plot device, in order to move things forward.One other way this show, perhaps as effectively as any other show out there, uses modern media as a powerful agent in propelling narrative movement. That element keeps the the hot point front and center, as the viewer's mind races to anticipate what could possibly be the next move Jack might make.Have we seen it all before? Sure we have. Yet the new season employs the gears of drama as consummately as any single episode before it, so far, with familiar villains, deceitful faces and failed opportunities to help us remember that life itself is one big chance to get it right. I hope the show can keep it up.
I love these shows.  They are very entertaining.  I have all the seasons and enjoy them over and over again.
All of the characters are specific and distinct.  At various times you will like and dislike each of them.  When Rayland and Boyd Crowder go at it, it is epic.  Boyd doesn't give an inch vs Rayland's morality.
A lot of us on the State side knew the Queen and Charles did this. It was obvious to even the simplest person they wanted her murdered. Charles and the Queen cursed the throne. After all the long years she spent making it so perfect, the Queen destroyed it with one evil action. That doesn't even include what Charles and Camilla did to the problems. It's sad the next generation will pay for the act of this dysfunctional woman, the Queen.
Great show. I wish the world would get it together.  Although there will always be traitors in are ranks. lol
I really like science fiction especially about space exploration. I wish that one more season had been made showing  they returned to earth or found another planet habital to live.
This season went into more of a modern sci-fi direction.  From my limited Doctor experience the anti sci-fi simplicity was always attractive.  The realization that this is a modern day Doctor and how it has to relate to the world today for the viewer shows the continued genius of the show.  Oh yea, and Amy is hot!!
THE writing on t his show is awesome,great care and skill to keep it authentic and the actors are extremely good.The story line always  t interesting..
I haven't watched TV in years-got fed up with the high cost-low return from the various cable/satellite companies available.  I do watch some of the shows available online offered by the different networks on their sites. Amazon happened to offer the first episode of Life free.  Free is a good thing and also a great way to gain viewers like myself.  I am hooked.  "Life" is not your run of the mill cop show.  Charlie is not your run of the mill cop.  I own season 1 on DVD and have already pre-ordered season 2(have to love Amazon's price guarantee)and season 2 is a must see and in my case must own.  If you haven't seen Life you haven't lived.
I learn so much from watching these guys. Great show. Never gets old. Always something different. Frank and Mike are great together.
Mary and Marshall Marshal have been hiding those people so well for years now. Love the series and the interaction between characters.
...and the episodes with the Bennett family (especially Mags) were the best ones. The whole Bennett clan was incredible in a twisted kind of way.
My favorite TV show on today.  Great characters, the writing took a dip for a couple of seasons but seems to be back on track this season.
....trust me.  Is it perfect?  No.  But at 19.99 its a steal considering what is being charged for other formulaic cop shows of much lesser value.
Well written, a bit twisty but the thing that drives the show is the character development.  The characters are multi-faceted and each has a sympathetic side, as well as a side that is a bit less than admirable.  It is required viewing for my entire family, and that includes the 14 and 15 year old!
the characters,tension and terrific writing are sewn together with an amazing cast and setting. With the whole &#34;Whitechapel&#34; murders fluttering behind every shadow a 'top drawer' DI learns as much from his scruffy team as they learn from him. Take a scary chance and watch this BBC series-- typical quality!
Amazon didn't get this episode up fast enough for me, I had to resort to the you-tube pay channel. I love these guys and I love this show. I am usually sitting on the edge of my seat half way into an episode. I know some people may think that this show is just ridiculous, and probably get upset that nothing is never caught, but that doesn't bother me. I enjoy their entertainment value, their "thinking outside of the box" ideas, and the excitement that they bring into each investigation. I just can't get enough of Mountain Monsters, personally.
Professor Tom Madison has been brought before one of the leaders of the alien invasion and discovers Karen one of his troops under his command as its speaker.  After a conversation for him and his fellow memebrs of the 2nd Mass to surrender and accept thier control of the Earth or die.  Tom chooses to fight and manages to escape the ship with the aid of a scarred red eyed skitter.While Tom is hundreds of miles away from the 2nd Mass Captain Weaver and the remains of the 2nd Mass must deal with a number of issues.  Pope's beserkers are getting out of control.  Food is running low.  Morale is at it lowest and with tom gone and no word from any kind of commanding officer Captain Weaver fears he and those under his command might be all that is left of hummantiy in the United States.The aliens have taken matters to new levels with new technologies and new ways of removing the remaining humans.  All the while a new rebellion has formed in the most unlinkley of places.  All this plus discoveries of what the Fish Heads are really doing on Earth and what there plans are for it.  The return of Tom's son into the fold of his family and what he discovers of what its like to be removed from a harness.  A messenger ending word that the goverment still functions of a sorts.  And something new landing on the planet that will change the war forever.  So tune in and check out season two of Falling Skies.
They are few and far between: Horror anthologies I actually enjoy, whether in print or video. I can count them right here: Number One: Rampo Noir. Number Two: the amazing Korean movie Horror Stories. And as of tonight&#8212;Three: V/H/S. I had no idea it was an anthology until about halfway in. Even though this was directed by a committee of styles and sensibilities, the characters all seem to live in the same world, red in tooth and claw. This really goes beyond the anthology category and is a must for anyone interested in contemporary horror. Really hoping the sequel is as good!!!
I loved this show.  I like Alex shirtless and fighting  WOW. I also like how Steve helps out the man he hurt by fighting for him. to help the kids.  Nice
Each episode ends leaving you with the &#34;have to hurry and watch the next episode&#34;. Outstanding cast of actors. I recommend this tv series to all adults that enjoy mystery policemen shows.
Entertainment packed with the unimaginable. Extraordinary concepts in the Sci Fi range, propelling you into the futureI. Truly enjoyable series to the end.
I have enjoyed each episode of this series and am expecting it to be cancelled because I enjoy it.  Not funny.
Great stuff. How long can Mike keep his secret from everyone? There's some real nifty cliff hangers in this season. Makes a person wonder about morals, ethics, scruples, and remorse. With all of that in mind we're rooting for the money grubbing lawyers. That's some good writing and good acting to suck us in like that.
Where else could you find entertainment in watching ordinary people trying to major repairs to their homes by doing it themselves. They quickly find out that it is easier said then done.  Give it a try, you'll like it if you are into DIY projects. It shows you what can go wrong and how quickly costs add up.
Amazon, please continue with this series.  I have always enjoyed the web site. The world needs more satire and you will not find better than this.
Even though it has gone off the air, this was a really good sci fi drama, sometimes a dramady as the say in the vernacular, it was engaging and the special effects were decent/ This show was found by accident and turned out to be one of the first recent past science fiction shows I ever watched, and eventually got hooked on, I really miss it, I cannot in all honesty say that every show was great, but what show ever is. Overall I would highly recommend this show.
The original Avatar cartoon series was one of my favorite things on tv in recent years. The Korra series was a bit of a let down for me, as the world had changed so dramatically from Ang's days. Steam punk tech was too big of a distraction, and the sense of exploration was lost as all of the action took place in a single city.Season two of the Korra series is much better. The story line was not quite up to the Ang-standard, but it was very good.The Avatar cartoons remain one of the best options for those seeking positive and engaging stories for their kids (and themselves).
Well written show, great actors. The subject matter is very deep & makes you think. Eric McCormack is excellent in this role. I don't think they had to add Scott Wolfe to the mix & push him in our face this season. Even though I like Scott as an actor, Perception doesn't need him. It's just fine without him.
I miss watching all seasons as I had to work in the evenings.  I bought all seasons so I can catch up.
I LOVE everything about this show!  Cant wait for season 4!  Time to get your wine on!  yeh yeh yeh
My favorite of the pilots that I've seen! Please make more! The cast is incredible and the characters are remarkable!
Simply great mental relief watching Po being very ordinary and extraordinary.  The subtle comments give a chuckle and always the moral of the skit comes through very well.
They just seem to get so close to a solution and then it slips away.  Writers for this show must have some serious creativity to not repeat the same issues over and over again.
Been through a lot of cop shows in 45 years!  This is one of the best I have seen in along Time!  Tom S. is really good as the Commision, and pop is wonderful as the head of the family!  All of the kids are great!  A really good basic cop show, with good plots!
This show was awesome.  Please re-consider, and make it into a continuing series. We really love it, just from the season plot.  It was really great, and we so wanted more than just the pilot!  Thanks
I have liked this Inspector Lewis series from the beginning.  It is always interesting, good plot and photography, sound level usually good.  The only tiny negative is that sometimes the supporting actors are mumblers, which can be difficult to keep the conversations understandable.  This is not usually the case, and may not really be relevant to the case.  Overall a 4.90 Stars.
This was probably one of the most abrasive and rude programs to ever hit &#34;normal&#34; television. And it is still just as funny. The humor is crude, crass, and socially unacceptable. What's not to love?!
Having seen a couple of episodes when it was on SCIFI (maybe it still is - I dropped cable) my wife and I was looking for another great TV episode and found it with the ALPHAS.  We have enjoyed and looked forward to each and every episode.  Great, clean TV with pizazz.
Gritty. Riveting. Interesting characters. Great multi-layered storyline. Keeps you wanting more. Love my Amazon Primme  providing excellent series for FREE!
This show does not relent.  Funniest show on TV.  Once you get to know the characters. I hope this show goes on forever.
This is a well written show performed by a great group of actors.  Some of the cases are a little unreal, but there is the right amount of humor and intrigue to keep you interested.Also, I love the scenes of New York and how they are an integral part of the show. There is a good balance of reality showing the work of the FBI in white collar cases with the humor of Mozzie and his antics in trying to live &#34;off the grid.&#34;Matt Bomer as the perfect charming con artist, Neal Caffrey, shows enough humanity to make you really like him.  Tim DeKay plays a by-the-book FBI agent who lets Caffrey get away with enough scams to make the shows interesting.
I watched the &#34;Under the Dome&#34; pilot before I knew this was based on a Stephen King book. I am now hooked on the show. I want to know what happens to these people and to find out who is going to survive. Not having known this was based on an existing book, I have no pre-conceived notions of what is suppose to happen, and I am enjoying the episodes so far. I look forward to the email that tells me a new episode is available to watch. Once I found out this was based on a Stephen King book, and that he was involved with the show, I was surprised since I like this show. I am not a Stephen King fan. I read a couple of his books and was bored with the last one I started to read...there was too much build-up and not enough action. I gave up and passed the book along to a friend, who was thrilled to read it. It just wasn't for me. I know there are a lot of people who love his work. My tastes in reading are elsewhere. This show is interesting and you don't need to have read the book to enjoy it.
I like the characters. The two leads play off one another well.  Edgar is a prize and makes the show.  The story line is good and engaging.  It entertains and that's why we turn the tv on.
Without &#34;The Snowmen&#34;, Clara's presence makes little to no sense in the second half of series 7. By the way, it's one of the funniest episodes ever, mostly 'cause of Strax. Besides that it also mark the beginning of the great intelligence's vendetta against the doctor in the new series. Which is cool, cause in my opinion, most Christmas specials have been completely unnecessary, this one being one of the few exceptions.
I thought the last episode this season on SOA was spectacular. It capped a perfect season of main character deaths and general all-around mass extermination. But the story lines were rich, and I think, the deaths necessary. I'm not going to give away the details of the who, and why, concerning main character depletion's but suffice it to say they made the story lines better and gave a real cliff hanger ending to keep us wanting more.This episode did a great job of providing emotional acting as well as superb writing.
I found season 2 just as good as 1 and enjoyed all of the series.  The stories were gruesom and in some places hard to watch but I liked everything about the series.
Let's face it, if you are on the fence about whether or not to watch season 3 (after watching seasons 1 and 2) then this review will do little to suade you one way or the other. Season 3 delivers the continuing drama/comedy/wit that makes this show really work and makes it worth watching. Enjoy.
Excellent show with the feel of the era, excellent plot and acting.  The BBC is always great and them doing a show on themselves in the past is truly fascinating to us across the pond.
Having just returned from a summer class at Oxford, I felt transported back by this episode of Inspector Lewis. Good story, good  performances by both the main characters and the supporting cast, and of course wonderful scenery all combined to make this a 5 star episode.
Great acting with very believable characters as well as a story line that keeps you coming back for more. Look forward to next season.
Great wee stories and great morals. Highly recommend! My 2 year old and 7 year old and I all agree :)
Olivia is bright, cheerful, witty and smart! She has entertained my grandchildren in every episode presented. I especially like the one where she has lost her favorite tights as they are supposed to give her good luck. In the end everything comes together and she finds her tights. She deals with the issues and resolves them. Good clean, wholesome entertainment!
This is one of the best TV shows I've ever seen. Season 3 continues to impress with its top notch acting, great special effects, and fascinating story lines. In my opinion, the best character is Mr. Gold aka Rumpelstiltskin.
Like breaking bad, this is another addictive show where it grows on you. It's more drama, more danger, and more of what you don't expect!
I missed seeing Justified on television but, was ecstatic when I found and starting watching this intense series. One of the best series I've found.
The courtroom drama has become such a staple of American television, it is impossible to imagine a program with a completely unique approach to the legal genre. Yet, you always hope a show can tweak the formula and give you something you haven't seen a hundred times previously. While USA Network's "Suits" certainly isn't revolutionary television in its casework, it has brought something quite unexpected to the defense table.  Spending more time in the boardroom than in the courthouse, this remarkably engaging show has brought a sense of smarts and sophistication to the proceedings--and trust me, I haven't used the word sophistication to describe a basic cable TV show in some time.  A lot of elements work just fine here, but there are two specific things that elevate this show to the next level.  First, the dialogue is snappy, genuinely funny and filled with clever wordplay.  Second, the two leads (Gabriel Macht and Patrick J. Adams) have uncommonly good timing in serving up that dialogue.  Furthermore, their relationship (a blossoming bromance, if you will, of give and take) is electric--a true standout in the television landscape.The show, like any other, needs a hook to set up its premise.  The conceit here is that Adams is a legal prodigy.  Unfortunate life choices have derailed his chosen career path and he exists as a typical mid-twenties slacker.  When his life starts unraveling, he has a fortuitous meeting with Macht, a successful and brilliant attorney.  Macht, a huge egoist, is looking for "the next me" to be his assistant.  Adams, of course, fits the bill--just one problem.  Despite his vast and encyclopedic knowledge, he's not really a lawyer.  But this being television, this is a slight complication which requires some creative navigation.  Is it strictly believable?  Not particularly.  But it is handled in such a fashion that you want to stick with it.  Again, credit must be given to the verbal sparring between the two men.The cases themselves, from episode to episode, don't always break new ground.  The show, however, is reliably good fun with a nice bite.  I like the supporting cast as well.  Gina Torres, as head of the firm, has some nice moments as a sexy and strong professional.  Rick Hoffman plays a largely comedic rival and foil to Macht--and while I like him, it's not always a consistent characterization.  Meghan Markle is a suitably appealing paralegal that challenges Adams to be a better man.  And the show's silent secret weapon is Macht's receptionist Sarah Rafferty, who with just a few minutes of screen time every episode makes me laugh out loud!  But still the show would not exist without the easy charm of Macht and Adams, who play off one another to perfection.  When they aren't together, you notice the absence.  Add the truly witty banter with the undercurrent of rivalry and respect, and this pairing is the best duo to hit TV in a long time!  KGHarris, 8/11.
it a great show and alway good story line and never get bored. i am glad it will be back next year!
I marathon watched the first 2 seasons on Netflix and then came here for Season 3. So sad this year's season 4 is the last. The Killing is AMAZING TELEVISION. It's so smart and nuanced I stayed up for hours watching one episode after another. It's a quiet show set in a rainy, depressing Seattle locale. If you don't balance this show with something light and happy, you could feel dark if you binge on it - it could change your mood. But you will not be able to stop watching, it's addicting. The actors are some of the best I've seen on TV. These characters are real, and gritty, nothing pretty and superficial about them. Completely believable and you begin to really care about them and the storyline.Seasons 1 & 2 are the same storyline and then Season 3 is a new case with some carry over or overlapping stories from the previous seasons. People who love The Killing, we're like a cult. Also, watch Top of the Lake (BBC) on Netflix if you like The Killing. The shows feel similar, same quality, amazing acting in that, too.
Intriguing, had to purchase second season after watching the first season. I'm now thru with the second season and wait to watch the next episode, It's very addictive.
My daughter likes to watch cartoons, but many of them are so violent and show how to be disrespectful to others.  many of them hark back to RoadRunner/Wiley Coyote  days..where the protagonist just keeps on trying to kill the character...using various methods.This series is an amazing relief from those animated series.  The plot is intriguing and the characters believable.  The animation is very good, although not on par with Disney...I don't care about that part.  My 9-year-old daughter loves this series and I make sure I watch it with her.  And I enjoy it, too!
Every episode of this season makes me laugh and cry through every emotion!!!! I have never enjoyed a show as much as this one! The creators of Glee have saved my life!!!
When the show first came out my husband started watching it and kept telling me how good it was.  I didn't watch it because it starts at 10:00 p.m.  My husband kept encouraging me to watch it so I purchased and watched the first episode.  Wow.  Good show.  Dennis Quaid is just perfect as the crusty rancher-turned-sheriff going after the mobsters who are taking over Vegas.  Michael Chiklis is the villain and plays the part to perfection.  He's a true mob guy but trying to be more than that since he apparently wants to make Vegas his permanent home.  He's a mobster trying to be a good guy too.  After watching the first show, I immediately bought the 2nd, then the 3rd and 4th.  I was addicted. I bought them all and look forward to each new episode to see who gets killed and how Sheriff Lamb and his brother and son along with the assitant DA solve these murders.
Love this series! It never disappoints!
What a wonderful experience that was! Truly delightful film series. Dickens' world is one where the characters keep tripping over each other, where the veil between the wealthy and the poor is very thin and easily shredded. The good, the bad, and the beautiful, all mixed up in the sea of life together. Gorgeous filmography, fun story, wonderful acting, engaging characters.
This is one of the most original shows I have seen in a long time.  The character development is very very good.  It makes you feel connected to the action.  I am sooo sad it's over!
I just can't wait to watch it every week. I have never seen a series like this. I even watch that annoying little guy in the discussion group &#34;talking dead&#34; that comes after the show. This is my favorite of all time series.
A great show - but not for the weak of heart! I like all the actors and the story keeps twisting and turning!
The Closer is one of the best shows on tv.  Keira Sedgwick is great, but the entire cast ensemble has wonderful chemistry.
Ok not just my son!  I love too!  It is very interesting. I really enjoy the subjects covered.  It also doesn't put you to sleep.
I poo poo'ed this series and did not watch it at all until one day something just caught my eye so watched one episode.  Now I get it. Not just blood and killing but insight of sorts into who these Norse men and women might have been.  They did discover and travel and were explorers as well as pirates.  hmmm.....
Considering all the violence, anger  and sex involved I, as a 76 year old woman, was so surprised at how quickly I got hooked by this show.  Waiting impatiently for next season to begin.  My children think it is a hoot that I like this show so much.
One can only hope that this is a series which out-lasts the &#34;network's&#34; decision-makers.  There hasn't been enough of this sort of entertainment in years, which is comedic, and yet not so blatantly offensive as to alienate a prospective audience base.  Betty White has been a cornerstone of character-based comedy for a great many years, and the entire cast complement one another to the &#34;nth&#34; degree.  Can't help but hope they've got many more seasons ahead of them!  Jane Leeves has a storied career, and a production company she formed with Peri Gilpin (Roz, from &#34;Frasier&#34;) and is an accomplished comedic, as well as dramatic actress.  Wendie Malick and Valerie Bertinelli's talent speaks for itself!  There is also an unannounced surprise guest star in nearly every episode which serves to add to the hilarity.  You go, girls!
Outstanding dialog with wit and subtlety.  Season two focuses on charters from the &#34;hallar&#34; and their battle against the big coal mining company come to rape the land.
I gave it a 5 because you get to experience what other people experience when it comes to buying a house. I like to see what's out there and the types of questions to ask and what the criteria are for getting a house.
I am looking forward to the rest of the series! SF/Fantasy/Dystopia-all great! When will the series be available? So much better than neo-adolescent comedies featuring slobby guys!
My Granddaughter laughs out loud while watching Pocoyo on my Kindle Fire.  She always wants to watch the episodes.  It is good for me also as I can continue watching my shows on TV.
My review is going to sound redundant, but this was an excellent show.  A perfect mix of comedy and crime, never too much comedy (i.e. never gets too ridiculous like Brooklyn Nine-Nine) and never too heavy (i.e. Law & Order SVU).  Why did they cancel it?  Was it originally on Fox or something?  DId it get &#34;Fireflied&#34;?  Why do the execs always do this?
"I saw a preview of Sleepy Hollow, only it took place in modern times, which is not a plus considering verything takes place in modern times. But then I saw the headless horseman with a shotgun..."Read the full review here:[...]
I was a fan of the show as a young girl, and had resisted seeing the new edition of Dr. Who for some time.  Now, 8 years after its birth to our new television viewing audience, I can see what all the fuss is about.  It took me a day and a half to watch the first season, and if how quickly I viewed those episodes is ANY indicator of my opinion on the show - well, lets just say I am HOOKED!  I was sad to see Eccleston (The 9th Dr.) go so quickly after only one season, but Tennant as the regenerated 10th Doctor was a surprise I was not expecting.  The writing by Russell T. Davies is exceptional!  This storyteller weaves a tale that is a tasty mix of old Sci-Fi, fun new worlds and new characters, and a touching love for humanity and hope.  Tennant's range of emotion in a character who could have been hardened by time, has a love for the Planet earth that can never be explained.  Everything is new, and the things in the world that could be perceived as odd or frightening or dangerous, he sees with the eyes of a scientist saying things like &#34;You're MAGNIFICENT! and Just look at YOU - you're BEAUTIFUL!&#34;  Additionally, like every lonely traveller, the Dr. needs a companion who he finds in the more common part of London.  The lovely Rose Tyler proves to be more than a pretty face.  Born with a spirit for adventure, this couple makes traveling the universe fun and exciting.  And of course....what unsuspecting young girl wouldn't fall in love with such a lonely yet exciting man of the universe.Though some of the special effects are a bit cheesy, that seems to have always been the basis of the 'fun' in the show since the '60's.  I can't say enough about how much I have enjoyed watching the second, third and fourth seasons of Dr. Who.  The departure of Russell T. Davies as lead writer and David Tennant as the Dr. were indeed a sad loss for the show.Rating - DEFINITELY SEE THIS SEASON....
I'm Catholic and I don't like when Hollywood makes fun of my religion.  That said, I was worried that I'd be turned off American Horror Story in its second season because Jessica Lange portrays a nun and the season is set in a Catholic asylum for the insane.  I was concerned that Ryan Murphy would just make this a 13-episode attack on the Catholic Church.I love being wrong in a situation like this...and being surprised by a series.  I am a big horror fan but feel that the best and most scary movies in the genre were made in the 70s and 80s...and that ever since the advent of CGI horror stories have been mostly ridiculous...or they'd go the Scream route and be sarcastic and self-referential.I love what Ryan Murphy is doing with AHS and I'm someone who does not enjoy Glee or New Normal (Murphy's other two shows).While I think he does try to make political points, he's a great craftsman of horror.  The season one "Murder House" story was inventive and original...and has become one of my favorite haunted house stories of all time.  Season two's "Asylum" storyline (set in the early 1960s) is scary the way the Exorcist or The Omen were scary.  And the cast of actors assembled for this show is incredible.  I just love that many of them return from season to season, playing different parts.  I hope this continues for many years to come.I keep coming back to the word imaginative with this show because I honestly never know what's going to come at us on the screen next.  This Asylum season has a serial killer, aliens, demonic possession, Nazis, torture porn, and about a half dozen other things.  There's also a mystery set in the present as we find out what happened to the asylum to render it into ruins in our time.  I find myself sitting back and wondering what's going to happen next week once an episode ends.  And throughout the week, while waiting for the next installment, I think about what's going to come next too.I can't think of another show where I do this.A few years back, there was an anthology show called "Masters of Horror" on cable that I hoped would be a weekly, scary horror story...but it ended up being very hit or miss.  For me, American Horror Story delivers that sort of weekly, imaginative scare that I thought "Masters of Horror" would bring.  Each episode has some new twist in it...while continuing a cohesive story each season.  And then next season we get a new story.I really love this format and concept.  The show is very much worth your time...but it is not too gory and it is definitely not trying to force too much of Ryan Murphy's personal politics on you as I at first feared.  It's just a really great show that's way better than any horror movie I can think of made after the mid-1980s.
This show is great. Plain and simple. A private consulting firm that specializes in deception training and recognizing people's "tells" is a great twist in the crime drama genre. I am also a big fan of Tim Roth, I think he's a great actor and he does an incredible job in this show. There are great characters, creative plots, and just all around great watching.There is underlying drama going on in the various characters' lives, which they touch on in each episode but they don't get too in-depth with. It's almost like giving a starving dog a small treat, just enough to make you want to watch the entire next episode to see if they reveal any more. This is 5 stars without hesitation. If you like crime dramas but are looking for something a little different, give this a go.
All 4 women are AWESOME!!!They click!!! One of the best comedy shows I have seen. Keep up the  wonderful shows.
My sons watch this episode over and over again. We all dance and sing to Yo Gabba Gabba every day. Thanks to a friend that referred me !
Great entertainment, writing and acting are top notch, This show is very smart. dramatic, The characters are engaging. The episodes just get better and better as more of each character's back-story comes out.
Great show that had me laughing out loud many times. Wonderful group of actors that work so well together. Looking forward so a Season 2!
Never watched this show on tv, but now I'm addicted. Mike is a very entertaining host and instructs us about the many difficult occupations that make our world work ... all of them dirty, very dirty ... lol.
Great casting, wonderful scripts and a awesome acting all around. My wife and I looked forward to the show every Friday and it was the shortest half hour all week. My only fear is that cleaver shows like this do not usually get a second season, but if they do I hope they make it longer.
Suits is a great comedy about lawyers in NY. It is fast paced and witty. Kind if like Gilmore Girls for lawyers.
I have enjoyed watching MasterChef since day one. The competition is fierce, the food (for the most part) looks amazing, and I'm a big fan of all three judges. (Joe's eyes... WOW!) But what I DON'T like is the trash-talking, backstabbing, immature nonsense that goes on between the competitors. I understand that this is a competition, but their behavior on the show is ridiculous. I'd go so far as to call them childish, but then I'd only be insulting the children! And trust me, after watching only two episodes (so far) of MasterChef Junior, I can honestly say that the children act more mature than the adults. I've seen these young people give each other high-fives, compliment each other, encourage one another, and I've even heard one of the children remark about how another young contestant 'deserves to win' a particular challenge! And even though they sometimes have a difficult time hiding the disappointment from their faces after losing a challenge, (they ARE children... and human), they don't act like sore losers. It's truly wonderful to watch! The adults should pay attention and take notes!And as for the food? I can't believe what these children are preparing! I think my biggest culinary accomplishment, at that age, was making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. These children are truly amazing. After witnessing the talent, ambition, and drive that these children possess, I have no doubt, whatsoever, that they will grow up and open their own restaurants. They are an inspiration! And I look forward to watching the remaining episodes!
its very much like showtimes half hour comedies. this is beautiful and has so much potential. i am especially excited about the setting within the symphony its pretty much uncharted territory. i just hope it excels where smash failed. i am sooo loooking forward to this.
After the first episode, I didn't know whether I would continue watching. There was a lot of back story. But I persevered just to see JRM. He's gorgeous as Dracula! I'm glad that I stuck with the show now. Episode three rocked my world and they just keep getting better. I will be really upset if there isn't a second season, NBC!!!
who doesn't want to be lizze and find their darcy? amazing costumes, great dialogue - faitful to the book - great movie.
This is one of the best shows on TV and likely, the best legal show - bar none. Watch it!
This show I really enjoyed (except the "evil american agencies" bit is wearing very thin to me) a funny show without a laugh track is always a plus to me. I don't know if they will find enough material to write to keep me engaged, but the pilot was pretty entertaing, (the action sequence in the biggining was pretty exciting, and the rest pretty funny.I hope they can keep it up.Update November 27, 2007This show has pleasingly gotten better each week. The Characters are more developed and sympathetic.  And while this may not go down in TV history as one of the greatest shows of all time, it continues to be a thoroughly enjoyable way to spend an hour.
Found this show due to an amazon recommendation since I like moon boy. This show is very silly and odd but something about it works. Not sure if it got renewed but I do think it can pull off another season or two based on the plot. The talking monkey was out of left field yet somehow meshed well.
I didn't know people could be so clueless. If you don't know it's really them have them take a photo of the,selves holding a sign with your name on it. Or a picture of you.
We really enjoy this program.  We have a nineteen year old with us, and he enjoys it as well.I would definitely not allow viewing of anyone under the age of 16-a there are a few parts that are a bit risque`, other than that, there is allot going on, including a best friend-who is hysterical.
We like these shows set in England in the 1800s and thereabouts. This one had a happy ending, which I like, but plenty of challenges to overcome along the way! The acting was good, I thought, unlike some of the period films and television shows. Sets and filming locations lent to the authenticity, as well.
I wrote:I purchased this episode as part of a season pass, automatically billed to my Amazon store card. Come to discover that this is the first episode this year which does not have closed captioning. I have terrible tinnitus (ringing/buzzing in the ears) and a general hearing loss, so closed captions are necessary for me to pick up all the dialogue, especially when Holder is mumbling as he so often does. I'm sure the episode is up to the high standards of the other episodes I've viewed so far this season. However, I had to stop watching after 15 minutes of frustration at not being able to follow the story.UPDATE: Amazon customer service was very understanding. Refunded me the purchase price of this episode and stopped my season pass. If I check back later and this episode is upgraded with closed captions, I will update my rating.UPDATE 2: Closed Captions have been fixed on this episode. I've re-purchased a season pass and, of course, the quality of this episode is consistent with that of the previous nine episodes. I thought about deleting this review once the CC problem was solved, but I'm leaving it up as a testament to Amazon customer care not only taking care of me but, I suspect, getting the newer version of this episode posted.Thanks, Amazon!
excellent show, very entertaining. Watch this and stick with it!
This is a wonderful series. You care about the characters and the stories are great! Would llike to watch all the episodes.
The crew is back! Bitzer and Shaun are still partners in crime in the not-so-quiet life in the country side. Horror-movie spider, a fiendish flea, an unfinished puzzle or a smelly farmer will have the dog-meets-sheep team scratching heads in these hilarious adventures.
Perception as is really good about sharing and informing the viewing community the new information about the brain.  Such sea, this last one where the reality that emotions are a choice are so important.
Great show! I do not know why it was cancelled after 1 season.  All the characters were great, especially Stockard Channing and Henry Winkler.  Loved this show and wish it was still on.
As a die hard V. Mars fan, the movie was everything I had waited years for.  The package arrived in a tmely manner, was in excellent shape and easy to open.
This is why I hate filling these things out. I don't really have anything  to say outside of what I already said.
I won't say that this cartoon is for adults only, nor is it filled with adult humor. However, because no one in the cartoon actually talks, a lot of the humor and nuance is based on body language that young kids just don't get. I love watching this with my husband because he laughs hysterically over almost every episode and hearing him laugh is almost more fun than the show...almost. :)
Loved season 2.  I want more and I want it right now.  I don't want to wait.  It''s that good.
I learn so many things about foods and techniques from this show. I trained to be a chef 46 years ago and I am still learning things.Watch this series. It's f8un and you'll learn some neat things.
This was an incredible series, along the lines of Nikita, but better. The lead character is a great actress, for the part, who has a great nack for getting into the hearts of those she is spying on and becoming very believable in what ever role she is portraying for them. Not to mention the fact that she packs quite a punch. I hope this series will continue. If I was disappointed about anything with this series, it would only be, that the first series ended all too quickly. Keep coming back, I want to see more.
We love the show Drop Dead Diva.  We had no cable service where we were located and was not interested in a satellite. Amazon Prime had the available season episodes...Never had to miss an episode.
This show is truly great, not only for those familiar graphic novels or comics, but for those who enjoy watching great drama and a charismatic hero.  There is a back story so we can understand the dramatic change he endured to become such a different person.  At the series has developed, he is joined by others in on his secret life and mission.  Fantastic and truly worth watching.
My addicton to Agatha Christie and Cavid Suchet has been appeased - for a while.  I can watch him every day and never tire of his reactions to suspects.  Don't expect reality.  Sit back and enjoy.
The show continues to make me laugh every time I watch! The cast is great and the story lines don't disappoint! Loved it since I first saw it - I think I will be a fan until the end!
Wings was such a great 90s sitcom.  I remember watching it when it originally aired on NBC.  The ensemble cast consisting of Tim Daly, Steven Weber, Crystal Bernard, Thomas Haden Church, Rebecca Shull, Tony Shalhoub (who joined in season 3) and David Shramm (sp?) were perfect together.  I just wish that Amazon would make every season available to watch on Instant Video.
I used to live in Indy briefly so a tiny connection. That aside to watch such a dedicated professional team at work is a learning experience. I didn't think I'd like such a reality program but it's done well. You never see disturbing pictures of the deceased. So for anyone interested in real detective or forensic work this is a good way to see it in action.
I remember seeing these Father Brown episodes on PBS when I was a kid.I think Kenneth Moore is well cast in the role of Father Brown, and I thinkthe plots were true to Chesterton's original short stories.
Okay, so the characters are great.  The humor is witty, dry and hilarious.  The premise for the show is not to complicated and when it ended, I immediately wished that I had another episode to watch.  Can't wait for a full season. Great show!
Love this show!  Sorry it ended at season 3.  Great variety of story lines and funny characters.  Interesting to try and see if you can tell who is lying.
I really hate this series is ending.  This story is intriguing and I was so disappointed when there wasn't another Doctor Who to follow and find out what was happening. Please make more soon.
This is one of the best series on TV and I hope it continues to get better and better and not become boring as so many others have
I have loved this show since the first season.  The leading ladies are great and the story line is easy to follow.  I like that the story is continuing and builds on prior episodes rather than separate unconnected stories.
This show keeps getting better and better! If you have been following it from season 1, then this season definitely pays off! If you are curious about the show, I recommend starting with the first season, as you may get lost if you start here. Otherwise, sit back, relax, and enjoy!
I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN A FAN OF THIS PROGRAM.  I LOVE TO SEE THE CAST TRY AND WORK THINGS OUT.
Best show in some time to hit the airwaves. I just wish they had continued this for another ten seasons.
Loved this series.  Interesting, different, wonderful performances and very well directed.  Couldn't ask for more.  Look forward very much to season 2!
It reminds me a bit of scooby-doo where theres a mystery and the &#34;meddling&#34; kids get involved and solve the problem. Good message and funny.
I love watching finding bigfoot! They are getting closer and closer to finding evidence that the science feild needs to prove to them and the world that bigfoot does in deed exsits!
If you liked the original Star Gate movie,, you will like this show which is the best of the 'Gate' Spin off shows on TV
This season may have been the best...  We enjoy watching Zak make a fashion statement and the other two puppy behind him.  Nick seems poised to get possessed at every turn this season.  Never disappointed with this series.  Zak is obviously autistic...
My kids found this series while on a trip to Reno.  They loved it and after watching it quickly converted me to loving it also, it ranks right up with the other who done its, only this is taking down the bad guys who hurt the good guys.  Which I like better.
I just love this show, and Amazon makes it even better by having my favorite shows when I want them,not when the networks do. Betty White is just adorable, and I love the urbane Wendy Malik (Victoria Chase) , Joy, and Melanie. Thanks!
Started watching the dome on my roku ,and my amazon prime and I'm addicted .hope it keeps my interest through the whole season ,so far love it.
My wife and I are amazed with the plot twists this season. Can't wait till next season. Should be a good one.
Once again, a good piece of television programming succumbs while the hog-wall'er, bitch-slap, scripted reality world continues to spin out of control with overly fed tow truck drama queens, pawn shops seeing more action than a mid-town police station at 11:30 at night, over wrought cooking/contestant/dancing/prancing/etc. nit-wittery  and Scooby-Doo ghost hunters. I don't watch much television because, after an hour of cringing at any overt banality that currently enthralls and keeps the masses in a stupor of stupidity, my whole body cramps up.This show had more than a one note tune going on. Christian Slater filled out the Henry/Edward character very admirably and the supporting cast was, pretty much, top-notch, as well. Once introduced to the show, I was hooked and loved the tension built upon the uncertainty of who would manifest at any inconvenient moment.Smart, tense, well scripted with enough of a salt shake of humor to insure enough pathos to find Henrys'/ Edwards' dilemma compelling enough to continue watching each episode.Ah, well, .... more time to read a good book.Continue enjoying your pop-pablum crap, folks ......  "I do believe there's a 'squatch in these woods, ...." . Feel free to step in that 'squatch.
Arbitrage is a character study with a plot.  It was interesting to watch the downward spiral of Richard Geer's character.  Geer is excellent as is the rest of the cast.  The plot has twist and turns and holds your interest.  The end is....well, how will you feel about it?
Truly one of the best shows on TV.  Great law stuff but also great relationship stuff.Hope there will be many more seasons.
You are not going to be reading a book and watching Blacklist at the same time and think you are going to understand anything that's going on. Its a fairly simple core plot but it's the plot twists that make this one of the most original shows Ive seen in years. Buy the series.. don't  rent it... you are going to want to watch it more then once.
The series continues to be composed of high quality writing, directing, and acting.  The characters are &#34;growing up&#34; quite nicely.
good acting, nice script and full of surprises.  look forward to when the next season comes to prime time for viewing
good show..wish there was more gag reels and deleted scenes..i'm more about those things than the actual show...but that is not for the seller that is for kurt sutter to do.
Good Characters, Great Stories in a Great City. Good writing and lots of fun. 5 stars easily. To me i cant see how anyone would give it less than 4.
Cote, enjoy the rest of your life, you were great....but now it's time for another great cast addition to help keep this series fresh.
Has anyone else noticed that they use &#34;God damn&#34; in every single show?  Inside joke?  I find myself listening for it with every new episode. BTW, it's one of the best shows on TV so if you're not watching, you're missing out.
This is a very pleasant show to watch.  There is always more than one plot going on in any episode.  There is very little violence, which is different than most action/drama shows.  The wife and I both give this 2 thumbs up.  Particularly the wife!
Glenn Close and Rose Byrne do a brillant job in this drama series.  It will keep you riveted.  Awesome show!
This investigation was one of the most interesting one, especially with the era cue experiment. This show was one of the better of it's genre, it should still be on.
We are now in the murky post- war world of Anglo -Soviet relations, where all is not what it seems and the rules of the new Great Game are being defined.In episode I, Foyle, returning home from America, is recruited by the singular Miss Pierce [ looking like a latter day Lotte Lenya in her role as Rosa Kelbb] to work for MI5 and expose a Soviet Spy ring in London among physicists, who are horrified by the moral implications of their own  invention: the nuclear bomb.Episode II deals with Foyle's discovery of a facility where Soviet codes are intercepted but which is in fact used in a much more sinister capacity. This time the lines are drawn between Soviet sympathizers, the upholders of Britain's ruling class, and fine people like Foyle who truly believe in the democratic process of justice.The last episode, in which MI5 is discovered protecting a high ranking SS officer useful in exposing Soviet methods of espionage, carries the most weight in its moral and ethical implications, prompting Foyle to ask the question, 'How do our methods and intentions differ from those of the Nazis?'Sam, now all grown up and married, joins Foyle in his investigations, bringing her own sunny charm to a very dark period in history.The sets are bleak, the mood depressive, the people poor and many are uncertain that they are still on the side of right despite their disgust of Stalin's methods. Very Interesting and still cheaper than the price of a movie ticket.
The treatment of character development, subtle sci-fi and people oriented stories is reminiscent of Firefly/BSG. Not that it is as good, but it does place it worlds apart from your average sci-fi.
I have not completed watching this season however, an episode a day is a good prescription.  I did fall prey to the story the other day and watched 3 in a row so I could see what happened!
This show was my favorite of the pilots, and I hope it gets made.  I understand that it is a niche that may not prompt a series pick-up, but I will hold out hope!
...and after watching with her, I am a bit hooked too...though I wouldn't watch it without her :). Love that they don't actually talk.
If you like political satire that isn't embarrassed to be overtly funny as well, this is for you.Even the actors I don't usually like are funny in this.
This is a terrific series.  I would have loved to see more shows that took place during the war years with the same actors and actresses.  I am sure there were a lot of incredible things that occurred during the war that could have made a longer series.  I was captivated by each story and I have just about wore out the DVDs watching them over and over.  I was born in December, 1942 so I was alive during that time even though I didn't know what was going on in the world.  These stories have shown to me what war time was like and has made me a part of that history.  Thanks.
interesting edgey entertainment from SYFY channel.......rough tough cowboy town of the future ....take a chance and watch on a rainy weekend
Annie always pleases along with her co-stars. It is one of our favorites. She is just enough naughty to make it fun without being slutty.
This is by far the best season ever, in my opinion. A lot of folks aren't crazy about it because it does lack the goriness of previous episodes, but I love how the story line is deepening and there is greater character build up of the Governor. Made the mid-season finale a total total sit on the edge of seat shocker. Not going to give anything away!  Please watch the first three seasons first so you can understand how all of this comes into play. Lots of references that you need to understand.
I like mysteries without predominant graphic violence like many police drama shows on TV that are the only other options for crime studies. I don't watch the police drama shows.I love streaming Elementary as I can view it when I can, and take breaks when I like.The actors in Elementary are great, the writing is witty most of the time. Only minor sappy moments, but the story moves smoothly nevertheless.
Troy and all the crews are really getting it big time with some really fierce gators!! This is still the best reality show on TV!
I love to watch shows on the paranormal, this one is first class, it is about people's real experience's acted out by actors and narriated by the individuals that lived through it.
I didn't think I'd like this show, but my husband wanted to watch a couple of episodes  before we decided.  Now we are definitely hooked.  It's funny, warm, tender, with interesting stories that leave us eager for the next show.
Scooby-Doo's Original Mysteries...Glee: The Complete First Season...just so happy love it own all the seasons...a real pick me up series!~
I had always saw glimpses of Project Runway.  It was not until season 8 where I felt like I was missing something.  Each designer seems to pull you in.  Whether it is to hate them or love them, they hook you.
Quality show and safe and fun entertainment for the whole family.  There are not many shows out there that you can say this about.  A & E had better keep with this show or another network will have no trouble scooping them up into their line up. :)
When I was a kid talk shows, game shows, and variety shows were all the rage featuring stars and demi-stars that if they haven't gone to the big Vegas in the sky are now pounding the stages in Branson.  Ah yes I long for the days of real stars like Rip Taylor, Lester Tyler and Willie, Charo, and Jaye P. Morgan.  "The Great Buck Howard" casts a lovelorn glance at those bygone times and casts aspersions at our current culture that makes celebrities of the talentless Snookis and Kardashians of the world.  "The Amazing Kreskin", whose life this film is loosely based on, was a little before my time so I don't have much of a reference point.  That said I can appreciate the artistry of Buck Howard, played brilliantly by John Malkovich.  Yes he's a little self-absorbed, egotistical, and difficult.  This however is a byproduct of his craft.  Sure his act is a little corny, however, it is born out of love and honed to perfection in front of the adoring gazes from the townfolk of Bakersfield and Akron.  Yes, umpteen appearances on Carson are nice but your star shines brightest when the spotlight is dimmest.  I absolutely love this film.  Even the human doorknob Colin Hanks, probably cast at the behest of producer Daddy Tom, couldn't ruin it.  His love scenes, if you want to call them that, with the hot Emily Blunt don't even register a goosebump.  Thank you Daddy Tom for letting me suck face with that hot Brit babe.  Buck Howard is the Steve Zahn, who by happenstance appears in the flick, of mentalism.
I really loved this show, NBC is totally bizarre in that they put really good shows on the air, and then pull them. I will never understand.
I love this show it's entertaining and the dancers are great.  The moms are crazy talking about other moms kids it's really facinating to see how people really are when money and fame are on the line.
Love it! only wish the series would have continued and/or the made a movie! I liked the characters interaction and loyalty.
I love Sons of Anarchy, but some seasons more than others. But season 6 is one of my favorites. It's hard to go into details without major spoilers, but season 6 was very dark with a high body count. Excellent storyline, good acting and one of the best soundtracks on TV, all add up to must see season.FX is giving AMC some tough competition in the basic cable original series category.
It's Hollywood, It's T.V. It's not real life. I would think that there's not much more to say other than, well constructed, good staffing and good entertainment. If there's a book....read it!
Ragnar, brother of Queen Iolande of Betrassus, has received a red ring as a result of his fury and jealousy at his sister's being chosen as a Green Lantern. Now the crew of the Interceptor must return to Betrassus and stop him. Meanwhile, all is not well among the on Oa. Apa, leader of the Guardians of the Universe, is determined to take down Ganthet (voiced by the late Ian Abercrombie, to whom the episode is dedicated) for embracing a "base emotion". Determined to help Hal Jordan and his friends, Ganthet reveals that he placed a "protoype" on the Interceptor before its departure based on the interaction between willpower and that "base emotion"...hope.The mythology of the Green Lantern comics is at its strongest in this episode, as is the quality of the show as a whole. New plot threads are added to the ever-expanding storyline of the series. The stage is set for yet another Lantern Corps to enter the mix. And the war with the Red Lanterns grows even more serious and deadly. It would appear that this season is building towards quite an exciting climax.
Extremely well acted. Wonderful character studies. People change, people grow and nothing is predictable until the split second you see it coming. It's intense, thought provoking,edgy. It is anything but cliche ,but if cliche is what you seek  &#34;this show rocks! &#34;.,
Season 4 continues the evolution of Waylan towards a darker character and increases empathy for Boyd.  The series is not as tightly written as &#34;Breaking Bad.&#34;  The plot seems to wander and characters get weeded out too often.  But, by the end of this season we couldn't help ourselves, we purchased Season 5 to find out what would happen next.  We understand from the discussion forums that Season 6 will be the last and we're thinking that should arrive around the first quarter of 2015.
I love this series he makes me feel like a normal person.  This is fun series allowing you to enjoy the oddities of others with the ability to solve the crime.
Lovers of Gilmore Girls no longer need despair!  A series from Amy Sherman-Paladino has arrived with the same quirky kind of characters and fast paced dialogue that won the hearts of fans for many seasons.
My son loves this show. The episodes are short (10 Min) so it holds his attention. Cute characters and nice plot line.
This was a wonderful movie.  It is really about two people who are just trying to survive, define their dreams, and live them.  The story is simply told, well acted, and spun just right!  Definitely one for the permanent collection.
Very cute and well thought out cartoon. Goes over everyday trials and tribulations of being a preschooler. Our three year old loves it.
I like this solid Sci Fi TV series because it has excellent relationships, brilliant special effects, excitement, good family values, smart writing, understandable and involving human dilemmas, solid main and supporting actors, smart directing. I just like it a lot.
I love this entire series  - the primise as well as the characters. I am over 50 but love science so was into it although I see the show as better fit for teens. A positive and entertaining message.
Love the characters and the way they are developed. Love the rags to riches theme also! Looking forward to watching the whole season!
I really love this Canadian show, I fell in love with the main characters right away, which is pretty rare, usually I have to see quite a few episodes to decide. I really  like the &#34;Columbo&#34; way the show is written, you know who the victim is, and you know who the killer is from the start, then it unfolds as the detectives work the cases.You won't be disappointed, give this show a try!
This is the best thing I have seen in a long time! I saw it on TV, then bought it so I could watch it again. Amazing! All of it works: the casting is perfect; the acting just as good; the direction, filming and writing seem effortless. This is a BIG PRODUCTION, TONS OF ACTION! My only complaint is that it should have been a mini series and on every night.
one of my most fav shows!  Excitement, intrigue and drama!  Can't wait for next season!  IF you haven;t seen this show, you must watch!
Loved it can not wait to watch season 2 I hope their is a next one!!!!!!!!!I If not thanks AMAZON great show
to be clear - i hate sophomoric humor and the overly sexually charged attempts at humor that attempt to mask the lack of a compelling story.  the reviews would lead you to believe this movie falls into that category, but it does not.  it comes close, but it does not, and remains an immensely enjoyable flick.a few points:1.  the quality on blu ray is quite good.  i haven't seen the dvd version, but i'm very happy i have the blu ray - visuals are great.2.  this doesn't feel like a hollywood blockbuster-level production effort, but it feels high end.  i'm not entirely a budget snob, but i tend to enjoy movies that have a decent budget better than those that do not.  i appreciate multi-camera shooting, decent lighting, an understanding of scene setup, photography and the like, and this movie delivers.3.  the movie is not overly sophomoric and potty humor.  yes, there is some, and yes, its mostly guy humor, but you wouldn't be ashamed if your significant other were to catch you watching this.
Have finished Season 4 for the series. Am still enjoying the Sci-Fi thriller and have started the fifth season.  What a great way to catch on your missed series from being stationed overseas during the majority of the period.  Strongly recommended.  The key to good SciFi is identifying new technology fiction that meets the challenges of known theories that have a great opportunity for sometime in the future of coming true.
I am sad that this series is over.  Everything about it is excellent.  Quality acting, writing, use of color, etc.  Start with Season 1 and enjoy!  Please bring Jesse back in his own series!
This movie was very very good. I cannot wait to buy the second and third seasons of Hell on Wheels now.
The kids love this show, eager to watch again and again.  I've watched alongside them, and it's easy to get caught up in this tale of mermaids living on land.  They manage to mingle daily life with a magical world without being inappropriate.  Girls always love mermaids, and let's face it, don't you get tired of the Disney stuff?  This show, is free of all the canned laughter, corny old jokes, product placement, agendas and hidden messages that Disney (and most American TV) puts in all the kids shows nowadays.  It's nice to see a show the kids can just enjoy, learning gentle lessons about right and wrong, friendship and so on.
my daughter loves this. she will sit and watch this and interacts with all the things that they ask you to do
Season 5 24 is fantastic.  Each episode gets more and more exciting!  I keep thinking, it can't get any better than this, but guess what!  It does! Fantastic show, no show can beat 24!  I am a wreck when its over, but I love it so!
There may be all kinds of things someone could find fault with but overall the show is entertaining and we like watching it.  You have to wonder if someone could really find some of the things they find in &#34;real life&#34; but it keeps the show going and keeps us watching.
Well played and acted police series.  Most episodes keep you well.entertained.  Interesting twist to police show.  Worth purchasing to watch the show!
A friend had recommended the book to me a long time ago, but I never got around to reading it, and soon forgot about it.  Then I saw the movie on Amazon, and had to rent it.  It was great!  Surreal, almost like a funner "Naked Lunch" updated for modern times.  Highly recommend!
A young woman must make a choice between her loving husband and her New flame. This intriguing movie portrays the 'power of love' and what can happen if you lose it. There are funny moments, serious moments, and thought-provoking moments. Acting Performance Excellent and the story grabs your attention in the beginning. A powerfully moving drama, enjoyable from start to finish. Highly Recommended!
This was a very good start - I look forward to more. Let's hope they can keep up the intensity.  The writers of the this show have pretty nice resumes and I think they have potential to really take this to the next level.
One of my 2 year old's favorite tv person is Elmo. This series is different from the plain sesame street, each episodes teach the children little &#34;life lessons&#34;.
The Jay Pritchett family is back in the groove in Season 4 of MODERN FAMILY. Big changes are afoot as Jay's gorgeous and much younger latina wife Gloria (Sofia Vergara) is about to make an addition to the family. MODERN FAMILY takes us on a delightful ride through the lives of this blended family. Gay son Mitchell (Jesse Tyler Ferguson) and his partner Cameron (Eric Stonestreet)already have an adopted daughter from Vietnam and are looking to also make an addition to their family. Daughter Claire (Julie Bowen) and her husband Phil (Ty Burrell)continue their antics as parents raising three boisterous kids. Although this blended family never seems to be in agreement, one this is certain - family bonds run strong and their unity and love makes MODERN FAMILY glow.Gloria and Phil have always been my favorities. Fiery, sexy, and saucy Gloria heats up the screen every time we see her. Lovable Phil is the goofy father that would embarrass any child but his innocence and purity of love for his family makes any of wish we had had a father like Phil. Phil loves Claire but has a harmless secret attraction to Gloria and it is fun to watch them interact. Phil would never cheat on Claire but one wonders what goes through his fantasy mind when around Gloria.Season 4 centers on Gloria's pregnancy and the impending birth of her and Jay's child. Nothing will be the same for Jay as he turns 65 and is about to be a father. Somehow it will all work out and we always know that. Child prodigy Manny (from Gloria's previous marriage) has formed a strong bond with stepfather Jay. Manny is a teenager trapped in the body of a 50-year old.  The three Dunphy kids are still giving their parents joy and grief. The two daughters Haley and Alex follow so many cliches in TV families--Haley is slow-witted, gorgeous and boy crazy while sister Alex is the brains of the family and the never causes a problem kid. It's son Luke (Nolan Gould) who really stands out this season. Quirky and somewaht oafish like his father, Luke has a spark this season. His monotone way of speaking and his vacant eyes are giving away to something special. It will be interesting to see how his character develops as he matures.MODERN FAMILY is the lovable but annoying family that most of wish we had had. The family is unified in their love and their joy is evident. It's one of the best comedies on TV and a great source of joy and satisfaction for the viewer.
Each season of Bones just gets better and better. Can't wait to see what the writers come up with in the next seasons of the show.
I came across this series only a few months ago. And was able to watch Season 1 & 2 with no commercials ... over a long weekend.Then couldn't wait for Season 3 on netflix, so thankfully Amazon provides a solution ... purchase access for like $1.50 per episode and watch it day after it airs...Rather than use my PC, I setup the Amazon movie app on my xbox 360 and watch it in comfort!
I love this series even thought Mr Lightman is an unusual man. It has a mild sense of humor. I enjoy how the truth is uncovered with their skills of face reading. I would definitely recommend this series.
Warehouse 13!  One of our favorites!  Waited for it to come out, was worth the wait, now waiting for season 5.
And as usual it seems like most SciFy that I like just keeps getting cancelled live Believe.  They are also cancelling Revolution.  Another great SciFy show nbc had that was cancelled after one season was The Event.  So sad for this show to get cancelled when it barely got started. :(
this show is well down and informative, takes you to the crimescene and you see and hear the witnesses. well worth watching.
When I first started to watch, I did not realize it was a series continuing from Inspector Morse. Inspector Morse was so awesome, I hated to see it end. I wish Amazon would pice up all the series and the series which is a prequel showing how Morse started his career. These have such great casts and intelligence. Most enjoyable. Again, I wish all episodes were available at a reasonable rate. Fortunately, belonging to Prime has helped the cost.
Fascinating intriguing. One of the best series on tv. Makes you question your beliefs. Interesting and intelligent. Amazing. TV a must watch
Breaking Bad TV series is an outstanding piece of work from the cast and crew. Kudos to the director for making this one of the very best TV series that I have ever watched in my life. I rarely praise any TV drama but honestly this TV series is one of the most addicting series ever. The work is technically perfect! Everything is well done from acting to sound effects to storytelling. There is something for everyone in the household to watch and enjoy.Warning! After watching this series, you will find most other popular TV series dull and boring! I am confident that within less than 10 mins into the season 1 episode 1 show you will get addicted and cannot stop watching the series.Excellent! 5 Stars!
Rick Dale is an amazing artist and perfectionist. He can turn a rusty piece of junk into a museum piece. We like most of his workmen too each plays a part of making dreams come true.
The first series of a show should establish the cast, history, rules and hopefully build episode-by-episode into something addictive before the mid-point. Feeling something like Torchwood mixed with Marvel characters/feel the episodes are clearly working with a decent budget based on the routine f/x. The cast is awesome and built around the popular Agent Coulson from the Marvel movies revived mysteriously after his death in The Avengers movie.The series needs to remain faithful, and in sync, with the past, current and future Marvel films while fleshing out a world of its own. They obviously can't afford to have all the big actors appear so, other than a cameo at the end of the 2nd episode by Samuel Jackson, no sign of Hulk, Iron Man, etc. except in the first episode on various S.H.I.E.L.D. monitors in the background.The ratings did dip after an initial high level and some complained it was too slow or the cast wasn't cohesive. But even many of those who criticized the show have of late seen how it's coming together. The storylines and backstories are fleshing out and all of the actors are giving better and better performances weekly. Outsider now team member Skye (Chloe Bennet) is awesome and initially is the &#34;audience&#34; vehicle into the S.H.I.E.L.D universe. But her backstory/mystery slowly has come to the front and now will be impacting everyone on the team.While its on a brief hiatus (thanks Olympics), now is the perfect time to buy the season and binge watch to catch up. More superheroes and/or villains would help. I've recently started watching &#34;Arrow&#34; season 1 (LOVE IT) and only 7 episodes in and they've had multiple DC Universe villains appear so it feels 100% grounded in the comic universe it's based on. That would probably help boost S.H.I.E.L.D. a bit if they included some of the lesser heroes/villains that wouldn't work within the movies?I still have to watch Iron Man 3 and Thor 2 and the upcoming Captain America 2 will apparently set the stage for Avengers 2 and impact the S.H.I.E.L.D. show so more cross referencing to come...Check this show out and give it a try. You'll come to care about them and enjoy the shows week-to-week and with each new cliffhanger or story arc reveal.
this is worth checking out. it is a easy sell to big bang theory fans.I hope this gets picked up. I would follow this.
I am super stoked that amazon prime has Justified and other Fx shows that Netflix doesn't have.  Not just season 3 but all the seasons of Justified. Thank you
This is just one of the best true crime shows I have ever watched.  I love every episode.  No wild speculations or weirdo psychic frauds just straight facts about interesting missing persons cases.
Always a great show and their new building looks great!
this is by far the best cop show on tv. its really more about the characters than anything else. the topics asuch as the drug trade and the area show are areas that many people will never see. there depiction of these area are quite good
I keep watching this series looking for that one character with any kind of socially redeeming value to mankind and... five seasons into it... haven't come close. I guess when the series comes to an end, the entire crew will be lost in an atomic blast or something and not a single one will be missed.
Who hates Lucy?  Answer:  No one!  It will always be a timeless classic.  I hope the new generation will love Lucy too.
So far we are excited to see the next season and how Grayson is going to be in on the secret!
One of the very best shows on television.  It has remained so for over 3 seasons.  Each year has built successfully on the previous season(s).
As usual-Just a good solid show. Needs more Boyd. Less Ava and Crowes. I realize this is the last season but...
We were not fans of 24 until a family member gave us Season 7 DVD.  The show is well done, we get a kick out of the fact that 24 shows is equal to 24 hours of activity.  And laugh that no one ever takes a nap or eats during any of the shows.  We are now working on Season 6 and then will catch up with the new show on TV this season.
Has action, mystery, crazies, possible romances - everything a good escape series should have.  The suspense builds so that you feel like you will miss something big if you don't see every episode.
This show has become one of my all-time favorite! It keeps you engages and never slows down! I look forward to each and every show just like &#34;The Walking Dead&#34;.  They are the best!!
If you liked the X-Files, Millennium, Lost etc. this you'll probably enjoy this. The acting wasn't great, and they crammed way too much into the first episode (they could have spent an entire season getting to the ending of this first episode). There are also several &#34;groan&#34; moments when the characters have to behave as idiots (why is the cop holding onto the back of the ambulance rather than just getting inside? Because she has only 2 functional brain-cells I suppose). Unfortunately many shows and movies have to resort to idiot characters because if the characters behaved rationally or with even the smallest amount of intelligence or common-sense then the show simply wouldn't work at all. Also, remember this is a pilot, and if you've watched many pilots then you'll know that a LOT of them are downright dreadful in too many ways to list. I think the studio execs just want to judge if a show has earning potential or something, and understand how to look past a Pilot's failings and see that potential. (Not to say that this usually gets us good shows; it simply gets us shows that are seen as having earning potential regardless of merit most of the time it seems). As pilots go, this is actually very good and I'll definitely be watching it if Amazon picks it up.
There is very little I could possibly say to actually describe Zach Stone Is Gonna Be Famous, except to repeat as others have already stated, THE FUNNIEST and the WEIRDEST thing I've ever seen. A boy graduates from high school and the next day, instead of planning to go off to college, is determined that he will achieve grand fame. He has no talent of any kind, but in today's society this could be normal thinking.I love this show. Totally and completely love it. Americans are dedicated to the worship of fame, so why not have a life like Zach Stone?I mean, really.... Why not? Well, the least you can do is watch this show and you'll be that much closer. Perhaps, you too, could "make people happy."
First, no television show could possibly recreate for viewers exactly how things are inside an OMC (outlaw motorcycle club). I think that SoA goes as far as it can in the re-creation but then, by necessity, stops. An example of that would be how the family atmosphere inside Samcro is overly sugar coated in some scenes. On the other hand, showing the sweeter side of the club members is essential to developing their characters. How well that is done may be reflected in the eventual success or failure of this show.Sons of Anarchy is good entertainment if you aren't too picky about occasional scenes that are just plain vulgar. You'll also have to be able to tolerate characters such as Tig, who is being revealed bit-by-bit as a more complicated character than many viewers would have suspected earlier in the season. I cannot forget or forgive that was Tig who said, "No wonder I beat up hookers," when he was feeling exasperated by Gemma. But it seems the real threat from him isn't to hookers, it is the level of resistance he has against Jaz's attempts to legitimize the club. That may show an even darker side of Tig than we have already seen.I can't wait until next season!! By the way, in case you don't know, each episode of SoA is available for purchase for less than $2 here on amazon.
The chemistry between Tom Mison  (Ichabod Crane) and Nicole Beharie  (Lt. Abbie Mills) is unbeatable. Their chemistry is unmatched; it is what makes this show so great. Sleepy Hollow is a drama with some comedy sprinkled in. Anyone who watches this show will fall in love.
As good as SG-1. One of my all-time favorite sci-fi shows. I only wish they would make more like this!
Love all the twists and turns of this series, plus the writers come up with some really great dialogue. Highly recommend giving this series a try, you would be sorry.
If your old school and like rose in golden girls, then you will love this sitcom! It is funny as hell! Everyone should have this in your collection!
Great season so far.  It has the same captains from last year so you can keep track of the same crews and see how the next year has gone for them.  Nice they suck with some of the captains that changed boats from last year to this year as well.
First of all, I'm a huge Stephen King fan.  That being said, I loved this book.  I was also happy with the series they made branching off of the book.  It was a fast read even if the book looks intimidating because of it's size.  Couldn't put it down.
This is the best show of the last decade....well including Game of Thrones.  Not else more I can say.  I'm soo glad this season is waayyyy better than the second season.
Was sad to find out that we had to purchase this after watching almost the entire series on Netflix, but totally worth the purchase. SO GOOD.
This is the best show on TV.  The writers tie so many different events together.  It's a smart show filled with action, suspense, and comic relief.  Season 4 will keep you hanging on for more.
I'm officially addicted to this show...great character building, great storylines, and love these actors! Can't get enough of this show....
I've finished watching all four seasons and have tried to figure out what made this series so watchable. I couldn't get enough. The overall plot was basically incomprehensible, there were so many holes and so much illogic that it should have been awful--but it wasn't. I've watched other popular sci-fi shows, and found them blah after a few episodes, the characters one dimensional, the story arc predicatble. I was watching a discussion of the BSG show with Ron Moore, and something he said finally clicked: we learn more from our heroes by their flaws than their virtues. The characters on BSG are VERY flawed--they're just plain wrong a lot, they use their positions for personal purposes, they can't figure out who they really love, they shift allegiances according to what serves the moment--and that makes them immensely intriguing. Is Baltar a saint or a devil? How about Roslin--does the end justify the means? Is Adama a hypocrit? What the frakk is wrong with Starbuck? And how can you not forgive Lee for being such a goody-two shoes when he had come through the battle of the bulge? The scene with Apollo and Starbuck in the ring in priceless--what better way to prove how much you love someone than by knocking their teeth out. Not that anybody's teeth every get knocked out, fortunately. It's one of those seemingly illogical things, that after as many blows to the jaw as they all take, any of them have any front teeth at all. And what's with the way the sixes dress? I mean, really, put some clothes on. The heat can't be all that good in those big drafty ships. So, in sum, all the plot holes and illogical points are so overpowered by the amazing acting and perfect casting and great character development and endless surpises and REALLY BIG QUESTIONS ABOUT WHAT WE ARE that you HAVE to keep watching. When Baltar says things like, "I never really belonged to you, you appropriated me" or "You're right. I wouldn't trust me either" you want to cheer the writers. The subtlety of that is something few shows can achieve. And then, of course, there's the HUGE pay-off at the end. Not many series can boast that. Most dribble away into some underwhelming resolution that seems to be there just because the show has to end somehow. I REALLY want more--not a prequel. I want to know what happens next--how come only one dna line makes the cut? And really? People as social (or anti-social) as Adama and Chief would choose human isolation? You can't even be anti-social if you don't have something to be anti TO. So please, I wanna know how it all works out for the next 150,000 years...or at least the next 148,000 of them.More, please.
As with Seasons 1-3, Season 4 is fantastic.  The characters and episodes are great.  This is my type of show and I think anyone who enjoys detective/mystery shows should be watch it.  I am so disappointed to learn that the show has been cancelled and we have been left hanging with no ending.
These shows should be checked for absolute accuracy and then shown as part of a social studies or history course in high school.
With a father who was a &#34;self-made&#34; man, who rose to Chief of Police, I can relate to the family of &#34;cops&#34;. The only difference was my father didn't want any of children to follow in his footsteps. He knew being a police officer was tough and he wanted more for his children. Yet, I remember watching many cop shows with my Dad: Adam-12 and others. Watching Blue Bloods brings back warm memories.
very well may be my favorite show ever. fashion, medicine, intellect, sexual tension in a platonic relationship, what more could you ask for?
I enjoyed hearing the authors explain how they developed their stories. I really enjoyed their insight. Looking forward to more.
We love this show. It is action packed with an excellent plot. Please hurry up and release the next episode.
I am going to be honest.. I watch this show for two reasons. First to enjoy the stories and places from the past, and secondly because it's thought provoking. I don't agree with every theory but I don't have to.. it's always welcome in my opinion to open your mind to possibilities. That is how the world evolves and develops... aliens or no aliens.Interesting fact.. scientists say we came from Mars.. look it up. (Yeah WE are the aliens here.. lol)
A start that keeps you interested.  Not quite like the book but you can feel the King influence.  Lots of new actors and a few oldies but goodies.
I started to watch the show randomly...after I finished some other season I liked...and it sucked me in! Even my husband askes all the time if there is a new episode!!!
Loved it. I like eyewitness recreation type stories like A Haunting and Paranormal Witness. Can't wait to see more episodes!!
Season Two picks up with nary a heartbeat missed.  New Wesen are introduced as well as the subplot continuing.Monroe finds himself a friend, Hank gets closer and closer to understanding and the Captain, once thought to be villain, becomes a viable ally.The character development is far deeper, acting more easy feeling and stories... well, the stories range from evil to devious to an occasional, unexpected laugh.  We've grown to really love this series.Stay Weird, Portland.  Stay Weird.
Totally enjoyed Season 2. The DVD shipped fast however,one of the disks was loose and has signs of some rubbing during shipment. The DVD played fine with no glitches so all is good.
CALIFORNICTION is a really good series I missed when it was on TV.  Now on disc don't miss this great series, season four is just about to arrive.  A notable writer with writer's block, besides being a womanizing drunk, it is all for this man who is really deeply in love with his wife and daughter. Follow this very funny adult series.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Timothy Olyphant keeps bringing you back to see what his character, Deputy U.S. Marshall Rayland Givens, will  do next to bring in those elusive fugitives in Harland County, Kentucky. Along the way he attracts some very beautiful women which keeps the show interesting. I cannot wait to see what he does next.
yep more than season one...cant wait for season 3.........who else can gert shot who will die and who wont the next seasongrab your shotgun
Let us assume for a moment that it happened like this, in similar cases. The story: the Russians plant a young couple as sleeper agents in Washington DC, during the 1960s. They run their own business, a travel agency. They have normal American kids. He starts liking life too much for her more fanatic and patriotic taste. They were never 'really' married, it is just an 'arrangement'. After 20 years, during the Reagan presidency, the sleepers are asked to stop sleeping. Much action happens. Russian defectors must be taken care of. The secrets of the missile shield technology must be found out. A bug is planted in the home office of Casoar Weinberger. Assassinations happen as part of covert warfare on both sides. The drama of the Reagan shooting and the risks in the immediate aftermath. A lot of real life excitement.While all that happens, normal American middle class suburban life tries to continue. Marriage is hard, whether real or make belief. Added spice comes from the new neighbor, an FBI agent in counterintelligence moves in next door, a family friendship develops. The FBI agent builds his own sources...This is yet another example of outstanding TV productions in the 'tradition' of Sopranos and Breaking Bad. We find ourselves irresistibly rooting for the bad guys. The acting is brilliant, especially the main couple.And what if this is not 'real' , but romanticized and dramatized fantasy? Would it make a difference?
I genuinely enjoyed this show. At first it might not make sense for the family to get powers after an airplane accident, but that is explained later in the season, no biggie. One of the things I liked about this show was how the family developed their powers and learned to use them or gain new facets of their power, like Daphne's mental abilities. I really am sad this show was cancelled.I do spot something that I would have done differently (spoiler alert) In the last episode of this show, Ms. X talked about power permanence and trying to figure out a way to attain a permanent power. She decides to give a planeload of criminals permanent powers after forcing the secret out of J.J. I see one problem with this - former employees of King and Ms. X were forced to report back to them for regular shots of Trillsettium, which kept them under their control - no 'medicine', you die. Power permanence means that these criminals would not be dependent on Ms. X, causing her to lose power over them. She should have done the procedure to herself instead of criminals who you know would just cause more trouble after the fact.
"30 Rock", the NBC sitcom that has the most Emmy Awards (22) for a single year for a comedy series.  An award-winning series that is critically acclaimed series that in its first and second year, despite being a series that critics raved about, the series has had its challenge due to its low viewership.Fortunately, NBC has supported this series and greenlighted a fourth season because "30 ROCK" is unique and one of those rare delights that is on network television.  Humorous, entertaining but literally, just a fantastic comedy that has solid writing and a talented cast.30 Rock is the shortened address of where NBC Studios is located in New York City, ala 30 Rockefeller Plaza.  The show revolves around the crew and the cast of the live sketch comedy "The Girlie Show" which is written by head writer Liz Lemon (Tina Fey, "Saturday Night Live", "Baby Mama", "Mean Girls") and stars actress Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski, "Ally McBeal").  But Liz's boss, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin, "Knots Landing", "Beetlejuice", "Pearl Harbor") decides to add comedian Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan, "Saturday Night Live", "Scare Tactics") to spice up the show and rename it "TGS with Tracy Jordan".The show focuses on what goes behind-the-scenes of the creation of the show and what is going on in the personal lives of several of the main characters (primarily focusing on the lives of Liz Lemon and Jack Donaghy) and focuses on relationships and the unique friendship that Jack and Liz tend to develop, while the two deal with their own love life but also their interaction with the writers of TGS and the NBC Page Kenneth Parcell (Jack MacBrayer, "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", "Arrested Development")."30 ROCK - Season 3' features 22 episodes on three discs.  Included are (spoilerless summaries):DISC: 1* EPISODE 37 - DO-OVER - Liz wants to adopt but must must please the adoption evaluator (guest star Megan Mullally, "Will & Grace").  Meanwhile, Jack returns and wants his job back.* EPISODE 38 - BELIEVE IN THE STARS - During a flight back from Chicago, Liz tells her life to Oprah Winfrey.  Meanwhile, Tracy and Jenna try to outdo each other on who has the worst life.* EPISODE 39 - THE ONE WITH THE CAST OF NIGHT COURT - Liz and Jenna's friend Claire (guest star Jennifer Aniston, "Friends", "Marley & Me", "Office Space") comes to visit and falls for Jack.  Meanwhile, Kenneth is depressed and Tracy tries to make him happy by reuniting the cast of "Night Court" (guest star Harry Anderson, Charles Robinson and Markie Post).* EPISODE 40 - GAVIN VOLURE - Businessman Gavin Volure (Steve Martin) falls for Liz.  But Gavin has a big secret.* EPISODE 41 - REUNION - Liz is convinced by Jack to go to her high school reunion and realizes how her fellow high school mates really feel about her.* EPISODE 42 - CHRISTMAS SPECIAL - Liz takes pat in a charity to help underprivileged kids.  Meanwhile, Jack's mother (Elaine Stritch) comes to visit and it stresses him out.* EPISODE 43 - SENORA MACHO SOLO - Liz wants a child so bad that she mistakes a little person (Peter Dinklage) as a young boy.  Meanwhile, Jack starts to fall for his mother's nurse Elisha (guest star Salma Hayek, "Ugly Betty", "Traffic", "Fools Rush In").* EPISODE 44 - FLU SHOT - Liz fights for the TGS staff to get flu shots but only a few shots are available.  Who will get them?  Meanwhile, Jack and Elisha want to spend more time with each other.DISC 2:* EPISODE 45 - Retreat to Move Forward - With the corporate retreat coming up, Jack makes Liz accompany him.* EPISODE 46 - Generalissimo - Jack wants to get closer to Elisha but her mother despises him because a Spanish soap opera villain named Generalissimo looks exactly like him.* EPISODE 47 - St. Valentine's Day - Liz goes on a date with Drew and Jack goes to church with Elisha.* EPISODE 48 - Larry King - Tracy has an interview on "Larry King Live" and gives out bad financial advise to viewers.* EPISODE 49 - Goodbye, My Friend - Liz becomes friends with a pregnant teenager working at the donut shop.* EPISODE 50 - The Fun Cooker - Liz has to go to jury duty and without her to lead, the TGS staff goes nuts without her.* EPISODE 51 - The Bubble - Liz starts to learn that her boyfriend Drew is living in a bubble and not familiar with reality.* EPISODE 52 - Apollo, Apollo - Liz's ex-boyfriend Dennis returns and Jack plans his perfect 50th birthday.DISC 3:* EPISODE 53 - Cutbacks - With corporate budget cuts, the TGS crew worry about who will get fired.* EPISODE 54 - Jackie Jormp-Jomp - With what happened in the last episode, Liz must learn to live her new life without TGS.* EPISODE 55 - The Ones - With Jack thinking of taking the next step with Elisha, he goes to Tracy to learn about married life.* EPISODE 56 - The Natural Order - Tracy and Liz experience something unique.  Meanwhile, Jenna adopts a pet Gibbon.* EPISODE 57 - Mamma Mia - Liz and Tracy convince Jack to search for his real father.  Meanwhile, Tracy finds out that he may have an illegitimate child.* EPISODE 58 - Kidney Now! - Jack's father (Alan Alda) is going through major health problems, meanwhile Liz starts to get fame as a relationship expert.VIDEO & AUDIO:"30 ROCK - SEASON 3' is presented in Anamorphic Widescreen 1:78:1.  The television series is shot via single camera and has that drama series style of quality.  But for the most part, the show is anamorphic widescreen and picture quality is satisfactory for what you would expect from television on DVD.As for audio, audio is presented in English Dolby Digital 5.1.  For home theater owners with a receiver, the audio is front and channel driven with the dialogue being clear and understandable and the opening theme song coming quite lively.  But for the most part, the audio is satisfactory for a comedy.  Personally, I had my receiver set at stereo on all channels as my primary selection and preference in hearing the series.Subtitles are presented in English SDH.SPECIAL FEATURES:"30 ROCK - Season 3' includes quite a number of special features:DISC 1:* Flu Shot Episode Commentary with Tina Fey & Jeff RichmondDISC 2:* Goodbye, My Friend Commentary with Judah Friedlander & John Lutz* The Bubble Commentary with Jon Hamm & Jack McBrayer* Apollo, Apollo Commentary with Jack Burditt & Robert CarlockDISC 3:* The Ones Commentary with Jane Krakowski & Jack McBrayer* Mamma Mia Commentary with Alan Alda* Kidney Now! Commentary with Tina Fey & Jeff Richmond* Behind-the-Scenes with the Muppets- (3:10) Tina Fey gives commentary about the Muppets being used on the show and designed after the cast.  Behind-the-scenes footage of how the Muppets are being used.* 1-900-OKFace - (1:09) The embarrassing commercial of Liz Lemon's first and only acting role as Bijou.* Kidney Now! Table Read - (31:26) The table read for the show with video on the top of the cast going through their scripts and the actual script being shown on the bottom.* Making of "He Needs a Kidney" - (12:23) The Making of Kidney! Now.  A featurette about the final episode of Season 3 which shows how music would become instrumental in this episode.* Behind-the-Scenes Photo Gallery - (2:06) A photo montage of the crew and cast of "30 Rock".* Alec Baldwin's SNL Monologue - (4:50) The opening monologue for Alec Baldwin's appearance on "Saturday Night Live" with Jack McBrayer.* Tracy Jordan's Rant - (2:08) Tracy Jordan going off on the camera operator.* Award Acceptance Speeches - Featuring award acceptance speeches for "Emmy's - Outstanding Lead Actress - Comedy Series" (1:19), "Emmy's - Outstanding Lead Actor - Comedy Series" (1:05) and "Golden Globes - Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy" (1:18).JUDGMENT CALL:I absolutely love "30 ROCK".  The third season showed no signs of slowdown and every episode, you just want to laugh because the characters are hilarious but most of all, the writing is just top notch.  And all 22 episodes in the third season does not disappoint at all.With the second season DVD release from last year, the show was really facing major challenges as the Writers Guild Strike really cut down on the episodes and no one knew if NBC was going to cancel the show but they gave it some time and next thing you know, the show won many awards.  The fact that the show has been nominated for 22 awards in 2009 alone is a testament of how people respect the show's writing and its talent.  As mentioned earlier in my review, "30 ROCK" is one of those rare and unique shows on television and everything manages to work perfectly.I've watched Season 3 on television and I couldn't wait to watch the episodes again, that's how much I really enjoy this series.  It's witty, fun and comedy that is highly entertaining!  In fact, as for favorite episodes, there is just so many.  From finding out who Liz Lemon was talking to on the plane ride in the episode "Believe in the Stars", to see the reuniting of the "Night Court" characters and also see Jennifer Aniston's "Claire" getting into mischief in "The One with the Cast of Night Court", Kenneth going on a date with a blind staffer with Tracy's help in "St. Valentine's Day", Jack seeing a duplicate of himself on the Spanish soap opera in "Generalissimo" or Liz and Jack visiting Liz's high school reunion in the episode titled "Reunion".  There are just too many fantastic episodes from this third season, that I can't see any fan being disappointed.As for the DVD release of "30 ROCK - Season 3', this DVD is literally a solid release.  Not only do you get all 22 episodes, 7 audio commentary (and the good news is that they give a variety of talent, even guest stars a chance to take part in the audio commentary) but you also get a good number of other special features that really round out this wonderful DVD release.  Overall, the show is wonderful and the only thing I can hope for is that Universal considers releasing "30 Rock" on Blu-ray via High Definition.But there is nothing negative I can say about this release.  It's a solid release and fans of the series will definitely get their money's worth!  "30 ROCK - Season 3' is highly recommended.
This series is as good as Season 1 and 2. Exciting, mysterious and full of action.  Characters are well developed now and well acted.
Witty, funny and entertaining.  Olyphant is really sexy in this show. Way to go Timothy!  I hope this series continues for many years to come.
very funny and interesting.  My husband really enjoys watching the videos and keeps watching as long as there are more of them
My preschooler loves the Bubble Guppies!  It's colorful.  The stories are great.  But, best of all the music is top notch.  There are some children's shows that can drive you insane with the music, but Bubbly Guppies will have even adults singing along.  We're so glad this is on Amazon Prime now.
It's finally here!! One of the best & underrated action, fantasy movies ever. It's a real shame this 2009 movie didn't get a more mainstream release here in the U.S. but thankfully this comes with several special features to complete the viewing experience. I'm sure Robert E. Howard would give this adaptation his seal of approval as this is a much better film than Marcus Nispel's clumsy 2011 Conan flick. Michael J. Bassett & James Purefoy have achieved a cult favorite movie that a plethora of film maker's who want to cement their two cents on a genre piece would be envious of. This is everything a great film should be.
i queued this a while ago, and never got around to it, thinking 'how good could it be'. and it's hysterical. great cast. good dry humor. can't wait to see more.
STILL KEEPS THE VEIWER GUESSING AND THE SUB-PLOTS BETWEEN THE CAPTAIN AND JULIETTE, AND THE CAPTAIN AND NICK ECT ARE REAL GOOD KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK AND I'LL TUNE IN
Some shows grab you from the first. This is one that was great. Don't know how I missed it when it was running. However, I really like watching in the series and not have to wait a week or more for the next story.
This season is just as engaging, if not more so, than the previous three.  Although I cannot foresee future events, I am certain the plot will twist and it will get me by surprise.
Enjoyed the last show of the epic with its cavalry charge over the hill at the last moment.  Would continue to have followed it if there were more seasons.  The Stargate series is more than just Atlantis and there is a lot of good SciFi left in the writers who have been doing this.  Hopefully, it will re-emerge later as another riveting series.  Great series; great actors; great writers.
Good character development; great action; good story lines.  It's nice to see the season without advertisements and without having to wait a week for each episode.
Wow! This is one of the best series ever created! The acting is amazing. The theme is highly creative. The story lines are ingenious!
I bought this one episode because my wife's DVR messed up, This is a great show if you have never seen it?
This was an interesting show.  It made me feel like I did when I watched x files.  It's not configuring.  If it is to some, it is the first episode.  You don't read the first chapter of a book and stop because you can't understand what is going in.  You simply read on.  There are some interesting questions I get from the first episode.  Like how we're the guys that were there to save the world picked?  I hope is show stays on.  I'm not sure how the network it is on is about keeping shows in.  All I can say is give it a chance.  Don't ing to much about it.  Within a few episodes, I have a feeling those who like it are going to be so excited and interested to continue the story.  Cool show to watch while tucked in at night.
I had never heard of the Bosch novels before I saw this pilot. Now, I kind of wish I had. Though I would have reservations about watching this pilot as a series since it would be too &#34;CBS Procedural&#34; for me. That being said, there was not a flaw to be found in the entire presentation. The acting, direction, editing, sound design, and even script were almost faultless. If Amazon orders this to pilot, they would have their first truly respectable drama series on par with what Netflix currently has. Amazon might have an ace up their sleeve with this one.
The show has some action, drama, suspense, even some Sci-Fi, it kept me watching, even though the characters does some stupid things in the show, it&#8217;s really a good show, The actors seems to play their roles well. I don&#8217;t know how the other episodes will evolve but if it&#8217;s anything like this first episode, I feel it will be a great season.
The story line is based on actual records from the early 1900s. The writing, acting and directing are all pleasant.
Probably my favorite season due to some of the episodes in this season that I felt like touched based more on certain characters past. Overall I love all of the seasons cause this show is great.
Never ever a dull moment with this program; a fun ride is always guaranteed! Glenn Close is simply phenomenal in her role.  Season 4 is the best so far, as far as I am concerned!
I loved the book and I am really enjoying the TV series. Can't wait for each one to show. Missed this last one but watched it on Amazon. Now for Monday night to be here.
This show is intelligent with brilliance performance by all cast and guest actors.  I hope the show in renewed for many years.
This show has managed to keep me on the edge of my seat.  The writing is exemplary.  The plot twists are what keep me glued to the set.  Can't wait for the next one.
I immediately felt connected to the characters and feel truly immersed in each episode.  I can't wait for nest season.
This is one of the most original series ever created in the sci-fi genre, at least as interesting as &#34;Taken&#34; was several years ago!  The premise in depth includes an hypothesis which includes the existence of a planet possibly within orbit of our Sun.  This is not as implausible as one might suppose if you have an familiarity with the writings of a man known as Zechariah Sitchin whose series of books touched on how the Earth and Moon came into existence long, long ago.
Set in New York City in 1864, "Copper" is a 19th century procedural/mystery series following Kevin Corcoron an Irish immigrant working as a police officer. While fighting the south during the Civil War Corcoron's wife disappeared and his daughter murdered. Returning to police work after serving in the army, Corcoron obsessively tries to track down where his wife disappeared to and who was behind the murder of his daughter. Corcoron uses two connections from the war--the son of a wealthy industrialist and African American surgeon--to help solve crime in the Five Points area.The first season of the BBC series looks quite nice in its Blu-ray debut. We get 10 episodes (the first season of the series) spread over two discs. Blacks are fairly solid and detail remarkably sharp.The audio sounds quite nice as well with a lossless presentation of the British-Canadian TV series co-produced by director Barry Levinson. I should note that the audio is in Dolby Digital 5.1 and isn't a lossless presentation which is a bit of a surprise.I haven't seen the DVD set.The special features are quite good for the set as well. Strangely, the episodes that have commentary tracks appear to be on the disc TWICE on the discs. You have to click on the episode listed (and it appears that there are more than 10 episodes on the two discs because of this)to hear the commentary track and, when you do, you can only listen to the audio commentary--you're not able to toggle back between the regular soundtrack and the audio commentary (something I'll do if the commentary isn't the most revealing). It's an odd choice as usually the Blu-ray is enabled with the ability to toggle back and forth by just hitting the audio button on your remote. The first time I played the episodes with audio commentary, it was a bit confusing. Hopefully, in the future, BBC will be a bit clearer about this or allow you to just access the audio commentary by clicking on the audio button.The episodes with audio commentaries are:"Surviving Death", with Tom Weston-Jones and Franka Potente"Husbands and Fathers", with Tom Weston-Jones and Franka Potente"La Tempte", with Kyle Schmid and Anastasia Griffith"Better Times Are Coming", with Tom Weston-Jones, Kyle Schmid and Ato Essandoh"A Vast and Fiendish Plot", with Tom Weston-Jones, Kyle Schmid and Ato EssandohWe also get six "character galleries" where the actors talk about their characters and their various relationships in the series. They are brief often featuring the same footage and, although a bit lean, are interesting.There are also 11 behind-the-scenes promotional featurettes focusing on different aspects of the production from the production design to historical accuracy. All of these are, strangley, presented in 1080i not 1080p but, I suspect, these are the same promo pieces that were on the website and they were never converted to 1080p."Fontana in Five Points" allows the series creator to visit the various real locations where the series is set. Fontana provides quite a bit of history about the real people that lived during the time as well as the background on the series. It's an excellent presentation that runs under 13 minutes.Equally impressive is "Behind the Badge" a brief documentary on the series creation that runs over 44 minutes.The option of watching the show in Ultraviolet streaming is also available but itunes is not offered as an option.Finally we get 24 deleted scenes for the series as well as a couple of trailers for other BBC TV series.A fascinating historical drama, "Copper" benefits from a terrific high def presentation. Although the audio commentaries are presented a bit strangely (and might confuse some) and some of the featurettes are in 1080i rather than 1080p, this is, on the whole an exceptional presentation of the series.Recommended.
I feel this season 4 series was just as good as the previous 3. But I do hope they make some changes to keep the viewers keep coming back to watch the series and thus buy the dvds.
The After was a pleasant find plus I love these type of shows! Not too sure about the thing at the end but am still anxious for episode 2! I like the characters, some u love and some you hate...well developed and the cop is great...not a jerk...gives the benefit of a doubt with the &#34;alleged&#34; killer!
I love In Plain Sight! This offbeat series is one that I will order as long as it is on television.
I enjoy watching bones.  And while we are waiting for a new seasons to start, I have gone back and watched the seasons from the beginning as well. We hope to see bones continue for many more seasons to come.  The series continues to present and build character interactions between each member of the bones deductive crime solving team they do a good job of making the events seem real and to entertain as the show presents the various crimes. The victims are presented showing how bones team of investigators perceived the victim lived before they were killed and to help you to identify with the person that was killed as well as victims relationships good and bad.The series answers questions about characters and relationships that you hope will turn out, devious characters that you want to get caught but for some reason or another seem to be smart enough to get away, but in the end they eventually slip up somewhere and get caught.All things seem to work out for the better for each character and so this series seems to be a good show to watch we hope to see many more bones episodes.
The good guys are unusual, compelling, and not always  perfect.  Even the bad guys are complex and unpredictable. The setting is an up-to-date part of our landscape and the problems encountered there are real and going on as we watch.  This is one I will never miss and will keep it, along with &#34;Homeland&#34;, permanently in my dvr.
I was mesmerized the moment this started streaming. Top notch story, with a fascinating cast of characters. I hope this one gets picked up.
I couldn't wait for the release or delivery as I never pay full price, but still like to get things early(nudge, nudge, wink, wink). After the awesomeness of The Day of the Doctor, I just had to get this one NOW. So I bought it! It was Amazingly cheap $3 and I get to keep it forever!. Man this is the first time I see myself both excited and unable to predict what the future of DW holds. There's gonna be a long wait for anything New but for the now I can satisfy my fix with this. It's soooo good! The cracks in time, the Silence, the Timelords, they all return and we get the most amazing reboot and regeneration blast since...  well...  the last one. The only question now is What will Capaldi bring us?
This is weird, creepy, eerie, and wonderful. It is not a blood and guts movie but it is creepy, I really enjoyed it. The plot is excellent, the movie very well done with top notch special effects, and outstandind acting, I watched it twice
Wow.... is all I can say to describe the first 2 hour episode of Season 9. Going into it I wasn't sure how the location change to London would work.... it worked great!!  Jack with tatts and a darker Chloe..... double wow..
Season 2 packed as much of a punch as season one with a little more spice! A great show to watch!
What else to say we have watched every season and really enjoy!  Don't know how much longer show will be on but has brought us a lot of good entertainment.
Awesome spinoff from &#34;The Avengers&#34; movie!  Agent Coulson's miraculous survival is still a mystery, but and the hints/clues are confusing. He thinks he recovered in Tahiti under the hands of very good surgeons and physical therapists. The show also hints at how he has changed somewhat, especially in the last episode where one of the girls ask, &#34;Does he know?&#34;  And you go, &#34;Know what?!!&#34;  Tell us now!  Looking forward to the next episodes.  I hope it gets renewed, too.
In my opinion, "Breaking Bad," is the finest series ever produced for television. This doesn't mean that everyone who watches it, is going to like it. Everyone has their own likes and dislikes, and it would be unfair for me to say that this show is "the best," for all viewers. With that said; I can unequivocally state that in "my opinion," this series is the finest and most creatively written one that I've seen in my 65 years on Earth. The plot, the writing and the acting are beyond anything that I've witnessed before. Vince Gilligan, the creator of "Breaking Bad," has produced a series that will undoubtedly be regarded as a masterpiece for all time.For me; everything else that I've watched or am watching on TV is a letdown after seeing this show. The fact that Gilligan came up with the idea to write this series, boggles the mind, and proves to me that he's a genius. Not only did he come up with the idea; but he also managed to find the perfect actors for all of the deeply complex roles. Each character, especially Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul, do such an incredible job, that you'll find it difficult to believe that they're acting at all. Bryan Cranston, as "Walt, takes acting to a whole new level. In my opinion, his performance in this series is the finest and most mesmerizing of any actor in history. Supporting actors/actresses, Dean Norris, Betsy Brandt, RJ Mitte, Anna Gunn, Bob Odenkirk and Giancarlo Esposito also do a superb, incredible and very believable job at their roles. Odenkirk provides some humor, to an otherwise very dark and serious show. "Breaking Bad" is intense, jaw dropping intense, and as mentioned, at times darkly humorous. Vince Gilligan's decision to have Bob Odenkirk play the role of lawyer Saul Goodman is a stroke of pure genius. The fact that Gilligan incorporated such a funny character into such a dark show, speaks volumes about his ability to balance the depths of despair, the lowest of the low, with a little bit of humor. Who else could come up with such a script and character development as Gilligan does. In my mind, no one; he stands alone. Adding Giancarlo Esposito, as "Gus" to the mixture puts this series over the top, way over the top. When all the pieces are put together; those who enjoy this series, will undoubtedly find that this is a show like no other. It is the best of the best of the best. Quite honestly; it defies perception that a show of this caliber made it to a television network. The final season is a glued to your seat, mesmerizing series of events.All I can say to those who have yet to watch this series, is to give it a try. If you like the first two episodes of Season 1; you'll no doubt be in awe at what follows. No; you'll be more than in awe; you'll be staring at your TV for several minutes after each episode, incredulous at what you just watched. I'm sad to see this incredible show come to an end. Hopefully, someday, someone will come up with another series of this caliber. In my opinion; it won't be anytime soon. As previously stated, but in need of repeating; "Breaking Bad," is a masterpiece for all time.
Army Wives never failed to grab my attention. I loved all the characters especially the dynamics between the different couples profiled in this drama. I asked a woman who had experience as a military wife and she confirmed that Army Wives is very true to the lives of the spouses left behind to bear the burden (and experiencing the joys) of raising children alone while their spouse was across the world serving our great country.
&#34;The Returned&#34; is different in several regards - and better - than most zombie movies. First, there is more emphasis on relationships and personal development, not just zombie killing and fear. You have a man and his wife trying to extend his life, the gradual realization that he probably won't live, and take steps to protect her while she tries to get the cure.The situation is worsened by the fighting with others fighting for that same limited cure. They aren't evil people, like the biker gangs that rape and murder for the last vodka. One you know is a father trying to save his son.It is a much more realistic zombie movie and better for it.
Season 12 continues the Chopped series without missing a beat.  Can hardly wait for the next season to become Prime Eligible on Amazon.
I have really enjoyed the ending to the Red John plotline and where the writers took Jane next. It works, and that's not always true when shows re-jigger main characters and story premises.
My favorite is Barry. I wish this guy was my neighbor. I would be asking him if I could borrow one of his cars to run to the store all the time ... lol
My 3 and 4 year olds love it!  Great that there are so many seasons of it here!  Not our old Mickey though...
The show keeps you thinking and and extremely entertained. It is fresh and the interaction between the characters is very good.
I wish this show would have had enough support to keep going. I very much enjoyed watching all the episodes. Thanks Amazon Prime!
I like this type of show to be entertained and just get away from all the bad news that is being broadcast on TV.  Once I got past the constant use of the bad language and just ignored it I found it an excellent show.  I do hope that there is more. It would be a shame to let us fans hanging with the surprise ending.
This series never ceases to amaze.  Full of info, it is presented in an easily understandable way, but not dumbed down too much.  The graphics are stunning.
The whole family likes watching the trials and tribulations and FUN that Mike Rowe goes through to bring us a laugh.
AWESOME STORY AND VERY VERSATILE ACTORS.  COULDN'T STOP WATCHING IT.  THE SINGING WAS FABULOUS .  MS. HUSTON WAS AGAIN AT HER BEST.  I REALLY WISH THERE WAS MORE TO WATCH.  LET ME KNOW WHEN ANOTHER ONE LIKE THIS COMES ALONG.
I love the characters, the dynamics are captivating and the love interests are lots of fun!!  Can't wait for season 2 to go prime!
This rating is based on the show - not any technical difficulties. I feel that if you are going to give a review of an episode, book, etc., you should actually rate the show NOT the problems you had with streaming or downloading.  That is a totally separate issue. Yes, I get pissed off when technical problems occur, but that has nothing to do with the show itself.Walking Dead is wonderfully written and the characters are superbly developed. Practically every other zombie show I've watched (with the exception of I AM LEGEND and DAWN OF THE DEAD) have been ridiculously cheesy and not worth my time. TWD is in a class of its own.You cannot have constant zombie killing all day long in every freakin' episode. That would be boring and predictable.  You never know what to expect with this series. Like in Season 1 where the little girl was in that barn all along and she walked out. I never expected that. And in this season when Rick's wife died.  Total bombshell! This season an entire new cast of characters is being introduced and skillfully interwoven with the old cast. Brilliant writing. TWD is the BEST show on TV, hands-down. Period. I hightly recommend it.
I don't think I have been so hooked on a show in many, many years. Jeremy, Richard , and James seem like family now. Fast cars, laughter, pranks...yes. Completely recommend to anyone!
Though these were the last of 10's reign as the Doctor, they were done SO well.  I started watching again with #9 Chris Eccleston.  He was FANTASTIC (hehe) definitely a warrior, but with a soft spot just big enough for Rose Tyler to enter.  After his regeneration into #10 (Tennant) you see the warrior remain, but with more of a loving side.  Tennant's range of emotion, his depiction of a complex character who must travel alone, but longs for companionship - is just hands down incredible.  I don't think there was one episode where I didn't wind up tearing a little by episodes end.  You gotta love a Time Lord with a passionate love for humanity.  Doctor Who #10 is Brilliant!
Sitcoms are coming back in full force! CBS is running the show with hits like Two and A Half Men and How I Met Your Mother. This year a new one was added to the bunch. The Big Bang Theory is the story of two supergenius roomates Sheldon and Leonard whose lives revolve around numbers, chemical equations and a lot of Science Fiction pop culture. Suddenly there world is turned upside down when the beautiful blonde Penny moves in next door. Now two worlds hystericaly clash as the boys learn how to live life and Penny learns to tolerate them.I was part of a focus group watching the pilot and I was laughing from begining to end. I think it may be hard for the average TV watcher to get some of the jokes and references, but I also feel to really appreciate this show you have have people like this in your life! My own younger brother is a former jock watches sports all the time and would never touch the subjets touched upon on this show. Still, he had me for an older brother so he gets a large portion of the references and therefore he thinks it's one of the best shows on TV. I have to admit I am somewhat classified in the geek category. I love Sci-fi/ fantasy movies, I'm an cartoon watcher, love working on computers and all that stuff. But I have a few of friends that are way over the top than I am. They go to cons, playing rpgs, dress up to movie premeres and know all the details that make this planet tick. So really you may not get this show unless you live it!!!
Character development and acting seem to be the focus of this season. There is still plenty of gore to go around but we are beginning to get more of the back stories of characters not in the comic series.
There are some big changes in Storybrook in this second season of "Once Upon a Time."  With the breaking of the Evil Queen's spell at the end of last season, Storybrook's residents are once again aware of their fairy tale identities.  However, nothing in this dual world of reality and fairy tale is ever simple.  For one thing, no one can leave town.  For another, it isn't easy to get back to the original enchanted land that is home for the characters.  For a third, Regina, the once and future evil queen, just can't seem to go straight, locking horns with Prince Charming, with Mr. Gold, and finally with a long lost relative.There will be excitement and enchantment galore in the second season, as the backstories of yet more characters are revealed, and as characters travel between their two worlds.  Emma and Snow make a dangerous trip back into the land of enchantment, only to be stranded and left in mortal danger. Their journey will give Snow a chance to teach Emma about motherhood and magic.  Along the way, Emma will finally begin to understand that her own powers may extend past her street smarts and pluck.  Her journey, and the viewer's, will be enhanced by meeting THE Captain Hook (who comes with his own complicated backstory) and Jack's bean stalk (and the Giant).  Prince Charming will be acting sheriff in Emma's absence, and face his own challenges, including a missing Henry and the framing of Red for murder.  Regina will struggle to keep a promise to foster son Henry not to use magic, while she and Rumplestiltskin may be compelled, unhappily, to cooperate to face a truly dangerous opponent from their collective past, an opponent who will force life-changing choices on a number of characters.One of the attractions of the show is its creative mixing of fairy tales from any genre.  How else, for example, to explain Ruby (a werewolf in her alternate identity) talking Dr. Victor Von Frankenstein into performing life-saving surgery on an auto accident victim? "Once Upon a Time: The Second Season" is very highly recommended to its fans, who are likely to enjoy more good storylines and excellent work by a solid ensemble cast.
I LOVE this show, and the fact that I can have it on my iPad the next day is GREAT !!  Yeah, I know..... I do DVR it, but no commercials, plus the fact that, when I travel, it comes with me, makes having this on Amazon a plus.  BTW, I'm really enjoying Amazon Prime!  Having ALL of the seasons of "Sons of Anarchy" available is AWESOME (I purchased Season Four last year, and Prime has One through Three)!
Really love this show --- simple, easy, love the scenery --- and the shows aren't all about another murder some are simple issues of a more rural sheriff ---
I got hooked on Alphas starting with Season 2 and going back to watch Season 1. The end of Season 2 is a shocker which seems to end the show altogether which was utterly disappointing. There were some things that reminded me of Heroes but Alphas does it better!
She is trying to teach the kids about the real dance world. Weekly changes in routines happen when dancers are auditioning and they need versatility to make the changes while they do a good job.
I love how they tell two or more stories in one segment, And they are based on true events. I have always liked it when they survive and love survival shows.
Deputy Marshall Raylan Givens is a totally entertaining character.  Elmore Leonard at his very best.  And the complex relationships are wonderful to watch
As the title states, each season gets better.  The introduction of the character Quarle, sets the tone for season 3.
We really liked the first episode of this TNT show.  Great to see Adam Baldwin too, he is an asset to any movie or series. I am going to order the entire season from Amazon ( much cheaper than paying $100 a month for cable or satellite! )  I hope TNT doesn't just make 10 episodes !
I'm intrigued, what is going on here?  Who are these people?  Why were they chosen?  And what in the world was that at the end?I don't think you can go wrong by making this show into a complete series. Anyone into sci-fi or fantasy or even a good mystery would enjoy this presentation.
Good show real life stories, sometimes a bit &#34;dramatic&#34; but great entetainment.  Watched all episodes more than oncewish there were more shows like this.
I was not expecting to like Matt Smith when he became the Doctor in the previous season but I now find that he is so uniquely suited to the roll. Season 6 is one of the best Seasons of Dr Who - Matt Smith has developed a depth, a sense of the 'old soul', a gentleness, a strength, an easy fearlessness, and a sense of humor; all of which draw you into the stories.  I highly recommend Season 6.
I started watching reruns of this show. I got hooked on it and had to add it to my small collection.
This is a refreshing concept for older kid shows which is far and in between nowadays.  I see great potentials with this show but would have to say characters development would be an important aspect.  Could not tell from the short preview.  The boy narrating the story is cute and bubbly but the girl actor can use more personality and facial expression.  Robots and the bird are great additions to the cast.
Growing up in that era, I was aware that this type of surveillance was possible.  It would be hard to be the moles and equally hard to be their friend or acquaintance (after their exposure).  It would be a hard life.  The series keeps you riveted and wanting more.
If you liked DEADWOOD, you will love this one; a blend of cop-mystery and historic period themes with a crisp and intelligent script.
WIKIPEDIA reports "The film won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 1978.[1] It also won Emmy Awards for Outstanding Individual Achievement-Informational Program and Outstanding Informational Program.Teenagers in this documentary and the 1980 sequel, Scared Straight! Another Story, ranged from 15- to 19-year-old repeat offenders of crimes ranging from petty theft and public intoxication to gambling, counterfeiting, and racketeering[citation needed] . None of the individuals in the original documentary were ever convicted of a felony, except for Angelo Speziale, who was convicted and sentenced to 25 years in prison for the rape and murder of his neighbor, Michele Mika. Most were from the tri-state (Connecticut, New Jersey and New York) area and agreed to accept the experiment in lieu of jail time and/or probation/public service. The producers asked for a range of youth that came from poor inner-city neighborhoods to the affluent suburbs of New York City. The recidivism rate of the original two casts was less than 10%."Having revisited the TRUTH about the original, I would submit that this program should be more widely used today to prevent incidents like the Trayvon Martin case. These kids are out of control and think they will out run a speeding bullet, stop a powerful locomotive and leap over tall buildings. Sorry kids! No matter how hard and often you CRANK THAT SUPERMAN you are NOT going to be Superman. Souljahboy....please tell em! They are dying for reasons of ignorance and foolishness. And people come on here and make ignorant statements condemning the very program that 85% of school age kids need --including KINDERGARTNERS!  A four-year old and a six-year old have been cuffed in the past two weeks for violently attacking school officials, damaging school property and fight ---yes FIGHTING with the Police. That is a sure-fire way to find out is SCARED STRAIGHT is real or not, because you will either end up IN PRISON or in the grave.Stay right. Stay safe. Stay OUT of PRISON!It isn't that hard to do.R.M. Smith (retired Capt. SWAT Security)
I just flew through Arrow Season 1 and fell in love. It usually takes a show quite some time to get up to speed. This show not only worked from the start, it has one of the better ensemble casts on television. In particular the fact that you're essentially watching two shows at the same time as you're watching what happened to Oliver Queen while he was lost on an island and now that he's back. It is evident that the team behind the show fleshed out a multi-year story arc and that's exactly what a show needs to succeed. Usually when a show gets a chance and becomes a hit they then have to figure out how to keep going in the second season.Beyond that, this show has the same vibe as the Christopher Nolan Batman series (serious, done as if it's in the real world, etc.). But unlike the Dark Knight trilogy which Nolan created completely separate from the DC universe, this show swims in the DC world. There are so many references it's hard to keep track as nearly episode has a villain or reference to a hero. They've introduced Barry Allen and now a Flash pilot is being filmed. If you love DC characters and want to see a show that is smart, sexy, kicks ass and treats the source material with respect - get into Arrow.
I love this show - it's so funny! I can't wait for it to come out on DVD so I can watch the newer episodes again and again whenever I want. I highly recommend if you enjoy laughing.
This is a stylish crime thriller starring Jean Reno as an uber criminal who does con tricks on deserving sorts that the French call `pigeons' and many a feather gets to fly in this full on scam-athon. The synopsis is that slick grifter Ca$h (Jean Dujardin) has his finger in many crime pies, and whilst his brother is pulling another scam he gets murdered. Ca$h wants to avenge his brother and so sets out to pull off a plan so cunning that it will take a mind more devilish than him to thwart.Enter Jean Reno as Dubrreuil, or is he? They are also being chased by top police woman Julia who is a careerist crime buster, or is she? And femme fattalle Garance who is a sweet little French flibbertigibbet- or is she? You have to keep guessing as they go from one con to the next it is often difficult to work out who is playing who. You also never get to decide who the good guys and we even have an English police boss - or is he? Well yes he actually is English but can he trust his own men, well you are going to have to watch it to find out.As mentioned this oozes style the music is a bit of a conundrum though as it verges almost on sixties parody akin to The Pink Panther at some points which I am sure was unintentional, but it gets the care free and louche life style of these high class crooks across very nicely.It is brilliantly filmed and acted with just the right amount of Gallic self confidence that we Brits either find threatening or endearing - either way we is just jealous. Everyone seems to be effortlessly chic and they all have fab cars from Range Rovers to Convertible Minis (they are a great car I've got one and yes there are some BMW's and Bentleys, and Renaults, but Minis do rock. Enough of the cars, this is Riviera fun and there are some leaps of faith required with the plot if you stop and think. But this is one of those films that is so fast paced that you deliberately over look any plot contrivance and just let it wash over you, this is so close to being five stars really but I am awarding four purely because I am not French - only joking I ruddy loved it and so it gets the lotIn French with stylish sub titles and with a run time of an hour and a half or just over this is a film with more twists than a Chubby Checker song (well the one about twisting any way).
My girls, age 4 and 5, loved that &#34;she can make any wish come true.&#34; Nice clean entertainment that could be a great addition to other young children shows.
This one picked up right where season 2 left off.  They bring in some fringe ideas and mix it with revolutionary thinking.  One of my favorite shows.
BUT I will also admit that I'd do terrible if I were to take a test on it the next morning.I love the doctor because the plots are fun, and how the doctor reacts to situations makes him look like someone who wants to be human but never learned how to do it for sure.What's fun is when they find a way to bring back bad alien races who were destroyed by previous doctors, because the series wouldn't be the same without the Daleks and others for the Doctor (or should I capitalize it The Doctor, because THE is just as much a part of his name as DOCTOR?)There are sites where you can download the order in which the episodes and seasons were broadcast, but the nice thing about The Doctor is that it doesn't hurt to watch them out of order. If you want to see the order in which to watch the new REBOOT Doctor Who from the 2000's up to now, see my reviews of the REBOOT seasons themselves.I highly recommend Doctor Who.
One of the best series on television. Season one was a little slow. Season two picked up the pace and now season three... amazing! The actors on this series are awesome. They do an amazing job making their characters real. The writing is excellent. Make up is superb. These zombies scare me. I noticed more gore in this season. I liked how this season is showing more of the human response to the zombie apocalypse. Not everyone who survives is going to be good. Not every good survivor will stay good. Writing this into the show makes it more realistic. I could say more but do not want to give out any spoilers. Overall this is an excellent series that just keeps getting better.
This show has a great mixture of smart comedy and heart. Even though it's about tech geeks, I feel this show would be accessible by most people that give it a shot.
after reading some of the reviews, I almost decided not to bother. Glad I did. Sooften the US version of a wonderful British show just fals flat by comparison, but I quite enjoyed the twist and spin put on this new version. Especially the emphasis put on 'return  them to where they come from', which was part of the British series, but...............The cast is a good 'fit' - each with different personalities and skills, and they should mesh nicely as the series continues. Am looking forward to more.
I hope this show gets picked up, its great.  I love the cast and the whole idea of the show.  Everything was funny from the first moment to the last.  Great job Amazon, of all the pilots right now this seems most likely to make it.  I love how satirical the entire thing was.  I also liked that they didn't make up a president, they are using Obama, haha how funny.  I don't know how many seasons we could get with the same cast though...?
This season is definitely feeling a little forced. but at the same time im not going to complain. it have to say i am not ready to say goodbye to the characters but hope they are able to leave the show on a good note and not just drive it into the ground.
Great show.  I got into it late but now I am a super fan.  Too bad they have had some really bad recent seasons (8 & 9)
My husband and I as well as our 22 year old daughter have really enjoyed this series.  A good review of World War 2, as well as a great mystery series.
All she says is "that's hot".  I'm watching the shows in chronological order, they're pretty good.  I gave it 5 stars because of Paris Hilton.
I was hesitant to watch the series at first but gave the pilot a try and am i glad i did the story is well thought out and interesting. The actors mesh well together and provide Solid entertainment a mix of humor / humanity which is rare
Great Show!  Nerds and Spooks.  It's the perfect partnership.  Chuck, a Stanford drop out, working at the Buy More, gets an  email from his sort of best friend.  The email contains current and past U.S. intelligence.  The email imprints all this data into Chuck's memory.  Soon after, Chuck meets Sara and falls head over heals for her.  It turns out, she is his handler, and charged with keeping him safe, and the information intact.  This is the story of how Chuck grows out of being just a Nerd Herder, to a real spy with the help of friends, family, the CIA, and Sara.  It's a story of nerds, love, action, and comedy.  We love it.
I found the characters very real to life, and the mysteries entertaining. I watched all 3 seasons and would have liked several more.
This movie is so through provoking that it's hard to write a review without giving any spoilers , but I don't do that so here ya go .... This movie is what resident evil should have been literally !! Mystery , action , puzzled situations , clues , ZOMBIES , and an ending that will make scratch you're head and them say to yourself ... What? And then watch again . It's nice when a film adds new life to a genre that's been beaten to death . Watch the movie and pay close attention and you see what genre I'm talking about . Enjoy &#128521;
Good informative series. In you like to take things apart. You will love this show. Kids can learn a lit
Each one of these is more like a movie than just a television series.  Good acting, plots and character development.  Hollywood doesn't even make anything for adults like this.
I like this show because it is different.  I also like to see all the different creature faces that are created for this show.  The actors are good and mostly attractive.  This is a show that takes a person out of their present time, escape into another place and way of life.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes action and interesting plots.
This show has it all! It makes you think, it keeps you on the edge of your seat, and never stops surprising you! Love this show...it is addictive.
My husband and I watch this series together at least 3 episodes a night when t.v. sucks.  We laugh yet are mesmerized by the people who do this for a living.
I loved it! The animation was great to see, and I'm excited to watch a whole finished show. The humor has a lot of potential, and even being a bit crude, I still really liked it.It would be fun to see the future reference humor to countless space themed classics (Star Wars, Star Trek, Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, Invader Zim and more). Plus a couple of the characters have a Guybrush Threepwood - like feel, so that would be an entertaining style to mingle into future scripts.I would go out of my way to watch this show regularly, hope to see more episodes coming.
20 years later this show still makes me laugh until I cry. Wish it was available in HD. It's big, it's heavy, it's wood...
this set of dvd's was a gift for a friend overseas,i'm sure they are going to be disappointed that the series was cancelled
The strong characters and sharp dialogue continue into the second season. A great watch once again. Still love the fasting.
We all love a good story where the subjects live happily ever after.  Walter ended up just where he belonged.
You are such a maverick - LOL!! You smoke too much and you think too much, but we all feel your angst. It doesnt help that you play that jazz music to cushion your pain.I and many thousands of people are hoping we can see you rip through crimes solving them with your cunning and intelligence.You are much like that coyote you encountered in the bushes - always hunting, always hungry and always alone.Had to watch this pilot several times - I just couldnt get enough.....
For a scifi type movies it seems almost real.  I would like to see more video entertainment as well done.
This show is a cerebral/psychological thriller for "grown folks". So those of you that need fast moving objects & over stimulation (many gross sex scenes & many extremely violent bloody murder scenes) this isn't for you. It has just enough gore, not so much where you're like "WTH!? That's enough!" and turn it off in frustration. I do cringe & turn my head during a few scenes like "Ewwww!" (like when Lecter is in his fancy back room butcher shop slicing up long-pig for diner lol) but like I said they don't overdo it.The writer truly is talented. In 2014 he's able to hold every one's attention with brilliant content without including graphic sex or murder scenes. Gosh, there isn't very much "foul language" use either. Most of these so-called popular shows cannot resist writing in as many softcore/hardcore p0rnographic scenes as possible *cough*every show on HBO*cough* You'd expect a show (these days) about a "cannibal" to show some wild feral individual kidnapping, chopping up & eating people 24-7. Hannibal is classy cultured individual with a degree in Psychology, he has responsibilities, he's a respected professional & consultant, he has a career, a mortgage and works hard at keep up his social veneer. It's just interesting to watch how Hannibal continues to manipulate & dupe every one, except poor Wil Gram. Anyone else that has gotten a peek at the real him was fricasseed (wow@ how they always show the recipe he's going to use right before he gets to cookin' haha). Hannibal has done Wil all sorts of WRONG, but I think in Hannibal's sick mind, he REALLY is fond of Wil and sees him as his friend (same way he was fond of Clarice & that Orderly). Yeah, I know "with friends like him blah blah etc." but he has done EVERYTHING to avoid killing & eating Will, and now it's obvious that Lecter is trying to exculpate Wil of this current charges.I'm glad they don't have the characters doing unbelievably stupid things to get themselves killed, p!ssing me off & making me cuss at the screen *ha* but they ARE pushing it with that lady FBI agent. I won't spoil it for others, but in this last episode.....I swear I wanted to slap her. Anywhooo....I usually can't STAND remakes, especially when they're made into a "TV Series" (of all things) but I really like this show. So keep up the good work!DISCLA!MER: Being that Amazon "comments section" is becoming too much like YouTube comments due to ignorant people with no lives, I have to make this disclaimer. F-YOU in advance to anyone that feels the need to criticize my review, as well other peoples review. I turned the "notification" feature off a long time ago because I couldn't care less about anyone's feedback. So your stupid commentary WILL fall on deaf ears. So S.T.H.U in advance also. Have a good evening : )
The thing about Continuum is that it is already here and growing. Our politician from the dems to the reps to the tea party are DYSFUNCTIONAL. This show is fantastic because what happens ethically when a group of "freedom fighters/terrorists are right morally, ethically and rationally, but they are totally warped about how to fight back? If talking fails. what is next? I personally think The Sons of Liberty were terrorists. Was their cause wrong...maybe, but the history books make them out as great people and not murderers. Rachol Nichols' (Yum) character is going to be faced with some mighty tough ethical choices...ethical cop working for an evil government. It makes me think of Nazi Germany, since a number of people followed what they were led to believe was a legit government and then discovered their evil and shut up or created a resistance movement. Our gorgeous cop from the futre has some big choices to make down the road. I think that this is one of the most thought provoking shows on tv. We are slaves to rampant capitalism, How do we curb it so that it will function without destroying the middle class?
I love this series and I'm so glad now that I don't have TV that I can go back on Amazon Prime and watch all the wonderful series that I missed on cable.  This is very well written and acted and I am now part way through the second season.
Most of the episodes of this shows end with a big surprise. Everybody could not believe it when the real killers were caught. Before that, nobody including me suspected they were the murderers.Things happened exactly as the tag line says: "How well do you know your neighbor?"Episode "Death On Lake Lynn Drive" depicts a wife who was bloodily raped and murdered in her apartment. Many times, the police thought they got the killer but they were wrong.Episode "The Truett Street Massacre" shows how cruel some people were. They killed 4 people for some small thing. Had it not been for luck, the police would have never been able to solve this. Life is indeed stranger than fiction.In episode "Death on Robert's Court", a teenage girl was gruesomely raped and murdered in her home. She was stabbed multiple times on her face and her back. The police eliminated a lot of suspects without finding the killer. Then they used "genealogical DNA test" to find the race of the killer. This is the first time I heard about it. It intriguingly shows how the murderer tried to deceive the police. When he was caught, everybody was caught by surprise. It happened exactly as the narrator says at the beginning: "How well do you know your neighbor?"In short, this show deserves 5 stars.P.S.As for the price, it is much cheaper to watch them on Netflix. For what I pay to watch 5 episodes on Amazon, I can watch 90 episodes in one month on Netflix.I have watched similar true-crime shows such as: Catching Killers, Cold Blood, CBS 48 Hours, Dateline NBC, Deadly Sins, Homicide Hunter, FBI Criminal Pursuit, I Almost Got Away With It, Motives And Murders, Nightmare Next Door, On the Case with Paula Zhan, Stranger In My Home, True Crime with Aphrodite Jones, Unusual Suspects, etc.
I am really going to miss Justified when it goes off the air following the sixth season. It is absolutely the best show of it's time.
Superb acting and suspense filled series. I loved the original Hannibal Lechter in Silence of the Lambs and Red Dragon, but this was not disappointing in any way. Will Graham character was great and it was good to see Scully from X-Files. Lawrence Fishburne as always conducted a stellar performance. I look forward to Season 2.
Lived weekly for the next episode!  Can't wait for more.  Watching is like living it with them,  and you just want to keep it going on.  Will be miserable till next season is available......
LOVED IT -- why?  GORDON RAMSAY, GORDON RAMSAY, GORDON RAMSAY...He's so OTT yet can smack ya upside the head fiercely;... Can't wait for more,and also hoping for a Season 5 !!
I hope Amazon decides to produce a full season of Bosch. It's interesting plot and characters are worth developing further. Look forward to viewing more episodes.
I've watched all the seasons and wish there were more. I like Foyles style of detective work and  plots which can be several intertwined in an episode.
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE The Vicar of Dibley!!! Will watch this show over and over epsecially when im in need to a good laugh..amazing show
What a great adult themed cartoon.  It is along the lines of Family Guy only with more adult content.  I laugh so hard every time I watch this.
I love the hands on investigator part of the show & the gifted psychic part of the show. They collaborate so well! Did they only do 1 season of this incredible show? I have "Dead Files Medium vs Detective Collection 1 but there are 2 DVD's for the collection! I want to find the other DVD to complete season 1. I love the dynamic!
Really enjoy this show. I usually watch two or three shows one after the other. It's like eating peanuts! Lots of fun!
I have read the book and seen every version of it and this is the best!
This is one of these shows that I want to see more of!!!!!!!!! Not reality these are so much way better than the show on now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best of the Pilots - Good to see eric overmyer on this project - can certainly see his influences from his work on The Wire and Treme.  Also great to see a few of the Actors from the Wire!
Have yet to find a streaming option for The Americans Season 2 available here on Amazon. Will Amazon make it available or not?
This is an improved rerelease of the Midsomer Murder episodes. Now with SDH subtitles. For those who do not own them, they can be purchased in sets that come in the correct order of the UK airings. If you own previous DVDs, be sure to check that you are not duplicating. If you are new, sit back and begin to enjoy one of the best cop/crime shows ever produced in the WORLD, and it continues today (2013), 16 years running. And expect multiple murders.TOP British crime drama, with a twist of humor and romance. And then there is the awesome footage of British village life, as spectacular as any English documentary/travel DVD. The characters are believable, and the crime solving is reasonable, although complex enough for the most avid of mystery fans. I have never watched an episode that was not a 5-star production. Speaking of stars, every British TV & film star now wants to be a guest star on this show. Guest stars began in the beginning, and are a part of what makes this such a delightful series. Prepare yourself for some very tender moments or a belly laugh. It has it all.Tom Barnaby (John Nettle) became an icon for Murder Mystery TV fun. Episodes are based on novels of Caroline Graham. Eventually most reviews of other crime shows get around to comparing to Midsomer. It's that good.SUBTITLES NOW INCLUDED, an update from the old releases. Midsomer episodes are 100 minutes each.1-The Killings at Badgers Drift  -March 19972-Written in Blood  -March 19983-Death of a Hollow Man  -March 19984-Faithful unto Death  -April 19985-Death in Disguise  -May 1998
Even if you've never read the books you should enjoy this.  If you're a fan of great acting, writing and direction then this is for you.  A very gripping drama that I hope gets picked up.  Great job!
There's not much on TV I enjoy and I HATE commercials. I love that I can watch Revenge when I'm ready, commercial free. AND, I love Amazon.com for providing it.
i liked the little bit of partly true and partly fictional story lines.  poetic license for sure but great fun
My wife and I watch this quite frequently, I wish Amazon Prime would get the other season's available to watch.  Good show like I said with some funky twists that always keep it new and interesting.
Beautiful countryside locations, excellent characters, and a woman in charge makes a worthwhile must-see series. Brenda Blethyn is a wonderful actress in this role of the main character, Vera.
I am a huge fan of this series but despise commercials. I will also be buying season 3 when becomes available. I love the whole premise of the show as well as the central characters.
This is a much watch because you can probably identify with the various characters in the show and think of someone you have in your league.  This is not a show to watch with the family (some crude references).But it is a must-see.Randy
Richly drawn characters, excellent special effects and a layered evolving storyline. Almost film quality, television is rarely this good. Falling Skies hits all the marks well.
I have just starting reading the Harry Bosch books.  From the 3+ books I have read so far this pilot seemed a perfect adaptive of the characters and feel of the books.  I think Titus Welliver is exactly how I invisioned Harry Bosch to look and act.I thought the pilot was great and made me want to see more.  I hope Amazon picks up the remaining season. This could be the series Amazon prime needs to get the positive recommendations like House of Cards on Netflix.
This series is very fun and intelligent. One of the best that SyFy has produced. Not much gore and lots of character and plot development. Love it!
By this time in a series many shows begin to lose steam, but not Parks and Rec. This is the funniest show ever and I hope it goes on for five more seasons. Leslie Knope makes me want to run for Congress. Seriously. As for the rest of the crew each of them (including Jerry) is as valuable to the show as the rest and the chemistry between all of them is incomparable. Ok, the same chemistry is also found in 30 Rock, especially between Lemmon and Jack, and in The Office, the American version. Still, P & R is my favorite.
You can just about believe this could happen tomorrow and what the people would do help protect the planet.  Great series and where is the next season??
If you like fantasy and witches in particular, you will love tale as I do.  I didn't have high expectations for this series given the usual fare on this channel.  I was amazed.  It has well-fleshed out characters and a good story.  if it continues with this pace, I expect to continue to keep it in the top five of my series manager.
Love The Glades!When are you going to get new season's???????There's only up to season three??This is a great show and I am a &#34;Prime&#34; member planning on renewmy member ship even after it goes up to $99.00.  We do not have cableor satellite, just Roku.
I really liked this movie. It got me to thinking and was informative.The History channel always has good documentaries. I would suggest anyone to watch this documentary.
Hannibal is an awesome, dark, exciting show. I had no problem watching these on Amazon Prime. They can be very disturbing and yet I couldn't stop watching them! Mads, the actor playing Hannibal is doing a great job and I love watching him cook his meals, although I wouldn't want to eat them! This series is Pre-Red Dragon and involves the relationship of Will Graham and Hannibal before Hannibal is caught and put in the mental hospital. We get to meet Louds the Tattler writer, Chilton the despised psychiatrist, and Jack Crawford the FBI boss in their early years. If you loved Red Dragon and Silence of the Lambs, you will love this series,
I really liked Endeavor Morse best.  But because I like the English police crime solvers, I also thoroughly enjoyed Inspector Lewis & his sidekick.  Really fun to watch.
I love watching these episodes. It is a reflection of the history of America. I'm half way through Season 1 and I can't get enough of it.
For the first season its very funny and at times very educational in teaching people how to views others at times,... overall very good show will keep on watching other seasons. for though that love watching the voice and singing shows will love Glee.
I love this story, and am angry that my cable in this area doesn't have the CW network. They have no idea what quality TV really is!
Better than season one, and season one was good.  A little bit of everything and great story line.  Actors blended in with others quite well and the concept of a different story every season is a great idea.
I have purchased all of the other seasons and was so upset to hear that this show was cancelled. I loved every show and I'll go further to say that this season was excellent and I'll purchase it when it comes out in dvd.
This is one of my all time favorite shows!I love the insight I get into the science of cooking!Just wish there were more seasons available for streaming. :)
We traveled to California from Colorado recently, with two of my granddaughters often in MY car! Keeping a 3-yr old and a 4-yr old happy for the day while driving 800 miles (there first and last days journeys!) was a bit of a challenge. My daughter had had the foresight to download several game apps and shows onto our kindles before starting our journey, and this was one of them...both girls loved watching this, and I am sure we will view it many times over as summer day trips are being planned! Enjoy!
It's clean fun and a lot of tough lessons to learn from others. It also helps appreciate police officers and those that risk their lives to keep us safe. I love cops!
I got into glee late and loving the show its great to watch with the family and sign along to the songs you know. Love their performance at the regional finals. Hope it continues to flow as well as it has through out the season. I love when they sing Journey's songs awesome.
Probably our favourite comedy on television.  So glad season 7 is back.  So far, it's been great.  Excited about the finish of this season and beyond.
This is a great ensamble cast for teenagers so young.  The acting is fresh and the dramatic scenes are acted well and thoughtfully.  Great Sereis!!!
Two powers go to war in the middle of an ever-growing empire. On one hand you have the supporters of the "senate" that are protected by Pompeii Magnus. On the other hand you have Julius Ceasar, fresh from his wars with the Gauls, now turning his sights on something more. In the process you have troops crossing the Rubicon, Rome switching hands between different types of dictators, little acts of treason that turn into big acts of war, and so many other bouts. also amongst these things are the lives of others that range from nobles to soldiers to commoners and even slaves, and the things that drive them.It is an amazing feat, Rome, expensive enough to finally do itself in but beautiful enough to enchant audiences for two glorious seasons.When I watched Rome, I was astounded by what it brought to its viewers. Not only did you have strong characters battling for the lifeblood of an empire but you also had other people battling for small pieces of the human puzzle. A soldier seeing his wife for the first time in ages, trying to understand love. Another soldier i the debt of the first, becoming a friend while also walking through the ranks. Marc Anthony and his command, gold and the way the treasury of Rome would be used, lost, and regained, love found tied to a cart, and so many other things. JHonestly, there is so much to contend with here that a review doesn't do it all justice. Put the sets into play as well as the lingo, the curses and the symbolism of the day, and you have yourself a show that really outdid itself.HBO really knows how to make something that counts.If you missed out on Rome, the DVD sets are a great thing to acquire. Not only will they make the mind happy but, in some ways, they do Rome justice. They speak of everday life, of the way Rome was, of the madness and the mayhem, and of the glory they saw in themselves. It is all educationally vast, brutal, and sometimes more than one bargains for. Personally, I loved it and wished I could have had more.Isn't that the way of all good things?
This show got me from the beginning, and I am a woman over 60. The old battle of good versus evil or nowadays good kids versus the bullies.The show centers on two high school boys who love to invent. One boy is following in his father's footsteps with his inventions. Both of the boys are intelligent, good kids, and when trouble erupts in school with the smaller kid trying to sell candy, and the bully taking over, something must be done. These two boys with several others, including a cute young girl combine their minds and ideas to show the bullies up. This pilot episode is fun, smart with a good lesson. It involves farts which all teenagers love!Great writing at the pre and teen level, will grab the attention of those who watch it, girls and boys. The characters are well done, the bullies are hateful, the other kids, real kids. This kind of series of inventions for the good of all, could be a hit.Recommended. prisrob 02-11-14
For those into paranormal romance this one got it all i think it's a good show to watch what not to love
The battle between good and evil continues, it is up to the beholder to decide how clear the boundary between the two. Thecharacters are complex, rendered very lifelike, the series is captivating (page turner if it were a book).
It's the wild wild west in modern day kentucky. Great characters and lots of action. This show gets better every year. Hope the story continues to be interesting and people bad guys keep getting their &#34;Justified&#34; treatment.
I'm loving this show.  It is not shot as well as Deadwood but the accents are correct unlike Deadwood who only kept the Chinese accent.  Anyway this show is gritty and dark and messed up just like it was.  The characters are complicated.  It is a great show that reminds me personally that the police in America were really started by the Irish.
Wonderful series, wonderful Doctor, and a great Christmas special.  I really hope the Specials will continue to come out and we will get to see more of Matt Smith as the Doctor.  He filled all the previous Doctors's shoes and stretched them out a bit.  If you can ignore the 1 star reviews from short-sighted customers, get this.As fas as the 1 star reviews, I would have agreed that amazon charging for the sneek peek for the Doctor, the Widow and the Wardrobe was insane, but they figured it out as customers pointed it out to them, and they confirmed it was a mistake.  For the day it took them to fix this, I find that those that were so quick to complain openly instead of just reporting it to amazon and getting a refund, are way out of line.  I bought it, received a refund, didnt lose my tv pass, got the sneek peek back, and understand that things go wrong at times. It seems people forget that Amazon has the most amazing customer service out there and whine openly as soon as one thing goes wrong.  Your reviews complaining and giving one star are completely redundant now, but oh well.
I'm giving this a 5 star because the sneak preview was so good. But I haven't been able to find Season 1 to view anywhere. This has been so frustrating. (2/7/2013) I am so happy to say that the episodes finally became available. And, it's still 5 star. The only thing I have a problem with and happens so many times in movies (and is so irritating) is that Kiera and her husband are both blue eyed, but have a brown eyed son. That is just not right.
One of the best shows around. Thoughtful and intelligent. Stretches the imagination in a believable way. Wish there were more shows like this!
These girls reallty do learn how to dance professionally. A shame the mothers behave like idiots.  Abby Lee does her job otherwise the girls would not be so good
i have continued my anti-aging studies because of Morgan Freeman's insight into the aging process and how soon we are going to lick it for good.  This was the best in the series along with the others which is just as well done and informative as the anti aging segment.
This series it's so just it off it, but just so believable, these characters all have emotional battles that I wouldn't have guessed a ghost, a were wolf and aVampire , now even dabbles in zombies, while still so believable. Wonderful scripts and wonderful actors!
I loooove the character of the mother and think the actor/character totally live up to the legend. Shes perfect.  The season slowed my interest slowed midseason but first and last episodes totally banging.
I have only watched three epeisodes but have loved every minute! The historical based drama has me hooked. I look forward to seeing more of the characters and their development. The account of British medicine and its development is fascinating.
Definitely one of the best shows that are around. Love the dry humor and the adaptability of all the heroes. Never saw Donovan before so he was a very pleasant surprise. Gabrielle Anwar is simply wonderful as Fiona - her cheerful bloodthirstiness has something rather innocent in it and thus adds to the general merriment. Sam, Mom and the little brother are also good (the brother is definitely better clean shaved).It would be interesting to see where all the relationships go in the second season - and hope for more!
This was an enjoyable show. The script was good, acting good, lighting and sets good. I hope to watch it again.
Can't wait for the next season to find out what happens, this show is fast moving and keeps your interest.  Will tell others they need to watch this.
If you like Duck Dynasty, which is seems people either do or they don't, this is more of a good thing. To me it is a combination of the Three Stoges and the Beverly Hillbillies. This is just as good if not better than the previous seasons. Planning on buying the Fifth Season when it becomes available.
Am totally enjoying this series.  And I have to pay per episode for it, since Amazon Prime's not yet available in my country of residence. Amazing how fascinating Doyle's character Sherlock Holmes continues to be
I grew up in the woods too. It reminds me of good times with family, and fun times with my brother before political correctness became vogue. It is hilariously funny because I can relate to the way the guys deal with situations on the show. My cousins, brother, and friends tease like they do on the show.People now, seem to take themselves way too seriously, and this show is refreshing because they kid, tease, and have fun. Then at the end of the day everybody remembers WHO is really to be taken seriously (Jesus).
Cancelling Jericho was a serious error on the part of the network. Wonderful, believable characters, excellent acting and an intriguing story line. What more could you ask for in escapist television. The story kept me constantly asking how I would handle a given situation, what would my roll be?  This show is on the same entertainment level as Walking Dead, too bad there won't be anymore.
Kudos to Amazon for trying to do something new. I love that the viewers are able to particpate in giving their feedback and helping choose the shows that get picked up and make them even better. How many times do I wish I could tell the CW how much their shows suck? But I'm not their audience. Some reviewers were getting really hung up on the fact that it wasn't completed pilot. Let me break it down for you people: you can't just bang out a 22 min episode of stop-motion quickly and cheaply. There was a disclaimer at the beginning that explained that the animatics were only a placeholder until the show gets green lit. I can use my imagination. I certainly thought that the parts which were animated in stop-motion looked great. The writing and characters will improve. Everything will improve. This is a proof of concept. And there's proof right here that there's a lot of talent that went into it. Some of the criticisms are valid, but I'm sure that Amazon will take it into consideration for the rest of the series. We don't need another ugly flash-animated show done by people in another country. I want to see some artistry. I want more Dark Minions.
OMG, this show was FUNNY!!!  I was literally rolling on the floor.  And the funniest thing is - the script is actually GOP-spewed rhetoric translated into plain English.  Judge yourself - here are just a couple of lines from the show - "I know [she doesn't look like one of us - referring to a Latina girlfriend of one of the Republican congressmen], but once you get to know her, she's actually very rich and powerful" or "Daddy, a professor gave me a B+ in Isaiah studies, he hates me, I think he is a socialist."  All the people complaining and rating this show down are probably Republican reps and supporters who didn't like an honest look at themselves.
Very interesting and maybe not far fetched at all concept. Great Actors , Really Great Actors !!! Remarkable plot. it seems that, in the show , there is no flaw !!! Congrats !
Very good and suspenseful ... Red is so cool and calm nothing seems to bother him ... Very good show.
See my other reviews on other seasons of this show.  Each show is pretty long, not like an American show that does everything in 30 minutes, but well worth the time.
you can't watch an episode without laughing or amazed at the hilarious situations portrayed. all the characters are quite unique.
I wouldn't be too happy with this series if I lived in Tennessee.  The residents are portrayed as stereotypical rubes and Deliverance-style inbred criminals.  BUT it makes a great backdrop for Raylan Givens, a hero in any state.
I'm sorry to see that this will be the final season.  I will surely miss the show and the characters.  You have to see the show from Season One.TammyZ
If you haven't started this show, then I feel sorry for you. It's so, so good. I don't want to give anything away. I think you need to just buy this DVD, ship it prime and when it arrives, take the day off of work and watch the first season. When you're done do the same thing with Season 2, etc. until you're caught up. You can thank me later.
I felt that the makers of this film did a pretty good job with this one.  I felt that it was inspirational, humorous, and extremely entertaining.  It was a feel good story about two boys from India who, after winning a reality show contest, try to make it in the &#8220;big leagues.&#8221;  It&#8217;s hard to imagine going from never playing the game of baseball before to trying out in front of droves of scouts in a matter of 10 months.  What the two young men accomplished was remarkable, and I feel that the movie did a great job of capturing that aspect.  I also liked how the movie showcased cultural differences through light humor (i.e., the part about Indians loving to honk horns was pretty funny).  Overall, I would recommend this movie to any fans of sports movies, inspirational stories, or entertaining movies in general.T.S. CharlesAuthor of young adult book, &#34;Consumed.&#34; Available on Amazon.
Best musical drama show I've watched in a long time. y the CD and listen to the music. The story is Great also. Hope Deacon get's a break soon he deserves one. ABC is know for cancelling good shows!!! So buy the DVD now before they decide to cancel the show and put the DVD out of print. It's happened before trust me. They prefer Revenge over Nashville. I men come on if you can't kill your enemies in four years that's pretty sad. Nashville has a hell of a lot more potential for a great long series than Revenge which they renewed and cancelled Nashville for season 3. so enjoy the music and story it' great.
I don't know why all the negative reviews, truly.  Maybe those people don't know that Chris Carter is quirky.  This is one of the best of the new shows Amazon has to offer (I gave Bosch a 5-star rating also).  Aldis Hodge is one of my favorite actors, and I'm glad he's got a life after Leverage. He was terrific there, he's terrific here.This reminds me of Fringe, when for the first couple of episodes, you weren't sure what the heck was going on.  And look at the following it finally got!  If you don't like quirky sci-fi, why the heck did you watch it?  It was clear was it was about, yet you watched it anyway.  I just don't understand why?SPOILER ALERT:I do want to respond to a few of the reviews that were criticizing Officer Munoz for riding on the back of the EMS truck.  It you noticed, inside was PACKED.  Where would those people have put her?  Sheesh.  And if they had stayed in the house, they would have been caught.
If you do not like this, then I question your judgment of humor.  Bazinga!  This is a great series, and has several characters to follow based on your personal preference.  If you do not like this series, then my regards go out to you.
Hope newer seasons appear.
I love this show. I love the characters and how tween it is in a good way. Tori is funny and cute, kat is ditzy and cute, and well the other chick that reminds me of Angelina Jolie as a teenager is super dark. Its a funny show, if you like this watch iCarly plus Sam and kat!!
They did a good job recreating the show.  I am glad to have just got in through Amazon since not sure what a movie screen would have done..  Obviously sets up a possible 2nd movie depending on how much it makes.
There's nothing like sitting down to watch this show.  Doctor Who continues to keep this crowd entertained.  BBC has done an outstanding job casting and producing this show!!
I'd walk a mile through biters, geeks, walkers, and test subjects to see the next episode of The Walking Dead. A character-driven drama set inside the zombie-apocalypse, TWD delivers a unique perspective on the human condition. Whether the heroes struggle with survival against nature, man, or un-dead, virtually every literary theme is employed to illustrate the challenge for our enjoyment.Or, I'm just talking out of my tooter.
In Plain Sight: Season OneLow price.  Arrived quickly and just as described.
My two grandbabies love these guys. They perk up and give it their full attention.  &#34;More please&#34;, they will say.
Just when you get used to one set of characters, these funny actors pop up in different clothes and hair and play entirely new roles.  Your favorite characters may end abruptly before all the possibilities have been exhausted but don't worry...they'll be back.  When they both cross dress it's pure genius.  Hippies, feminists, vegans, and new agers are very ripe for parody.  It's randomness makes "Seinfeld" seem tame and conventional.
I did not like Longmire when it first came out.  I watched the first two or three shows and was bored.  But sine I have been able to binge watch the first two series, I have become addicted.  The personal stories that were not evident in the first few show have kept me glued to the TV.  Can't wait for Season three!
Fantastic writers keep this season just as exiting and as the last five.  Just watched the newest one that came in on Amazon and it was great.  Won't give away any details, but this show is very intense and frankly I'm surprised they can get away with putting it on regular TV.  I don't watch too much conventional TV because I have become very spoiled with not having to watch commercials. It does become addicting.  And when I go back to watching a show on TV I can hardly take how long commercials last.  So I usually just purchase a series or movie through Amazon.  It's so easy with just a few clicks of your mouse. Anyway back to the show.  Fantastic. Love it. Can't wait for the next one.
I just love this show. So different. We learn about Audrey and the Colorado kid. I will watch season four.
Keeps you wanting to see more and more I just finished season 7 was a great series wish there was more.
Really terrific adaptation of a fairy tale, full of action and angst, romantic with strong chemistry between the co- stars. JT is a welcome character, supplying sarcasm, humor, and his expertise.
I think I have been watching the the Italian 007.  I enjoyed the intrigue, the fast pace, and the romance.  At times, I wasn't sure who Zen could trust, but he manages to find just the right clues at the right times.  I appreciated Zen's reputation as the good guy and the fact that he protected his mom.  The writer(s) cleverly worked in a bit of humor and romance here and there to lighten the moment.  I am hoping that many more seasons will emerge.
Probably one off the best series out, well written, great acting, and the continuing plot fabulous. can't wait till next season.
I have really enjoyed this season of Bones, Love how Bone's character is growing since she has become a mom and her relationship with Booth has grown and changed can't wait to see what else they are going to do.
Great voices, story, animation, humor. I SO want this to be a regular show! Haven't been this jazzed about a show for awhile now.
We Love this show wish it never ended, new eposide every week. Can't wait till next season, hope the storyline stays strong
We began watching Veronica Mars because it was recommended. Glad we did watch - loved the characters and the fact that they kept showing up. Dick Casablacas was a character who was difficult to like - just shows what a good actor Ryan Hansen is. I hope they keep making more Veronica Mars...
The second season is even more entertaining than the first.  The plot thickens around the characters who try to hide their secrets.
Both Seasons 1 & 2 of Hell on Wheels were excellent, fresh and worth paying for!The actors were all memorable, well chosen and exceptional in their abilities.I look forward to another Season!
Jack Bauer comes to the government's rescue once again! This is another great season of 24 and what is awesome about this season is we finally meet some of the main antagonist that are responsible for many of the tragedies that have occurred in Jack's life! A must see season of 24!!
I really love this show and this season is just more of the things that made the first 2 great.
Loved it.  Can't wait for season 8.  It cannot come soon enough.  I hope River is back.  And John Hurt, hmmmm
I was extremely impressed with this being a Network Show. Great cast, storyline and twist. It has the patintual to be repetitive but they have done a nice job at keeping it fresh.
Creative movie that leaves you wanting more!It looks like a cheap indie film, but is actually quite good.Apparently you have to be smarter than the average monkey to follow ;)
season six and final season was as good as all the rest. I'm sorry that there were not more. Well worth your time to watch all right from the start.
Liked the show a lot but I could see why it was only one season. You had to think to keep up with the plot, most folks don't want to work that hard for a TV show b
Loved looking at, and hearing "Alyssa Milano" since the very first "CHARMED" episode. So, once this flick began with her name and face showing up, it was going to be a bearable agony if the story-line was not pleasing. Surprise! Actually, the only difficult part was that I wasn't her character's love interest.Easily a warming, while mildly complex romantic melodrama well filmed; crystal clear, good sound, with a theme that is ages old [boy meets girl, girl meets boys] including a tryst and a twist that places "MY GIRLFRIEND'S BOYFRIEND" in a category with the Olde Days' movies that "Katherine Hepburn", "Spencer Tracy", "Cary Grant" and "Lauren Bacall" made.Putting aside my personal desires, "Alyssa Milano" provides a much broader look into her talents and craft, tossing aside that playful youthful persona when necessary, allowing the Viewer to see the more adult maturity that is probably closer in actual realistic proximity to her physical nature. I'm not very big on Love Stories, but this is a nice one---easy on the eyes, brain and heart...  ---GBJ
Love it, love it, love it.......Mr Olyphant is Awesome, plays the role, owns the role. Just very good directors, writers and the cast of actors are Awesome!
I will admit, I love this show!  I originally found it because my 3 year old son has somehow become obsessed to the 9th degree with Ironman.  I'm talking, he says Ironman probably, easily, 30 times a day.  Ironman is my brother, Ironman is big, I want big Ironman, I want Ironman's friends, I am Ironman...etc etc..all day, all week, all month.  Anyway, since he's too young for the movies, and he doesn't like the newer cartoon with the Ironman teen, I found this and it did not disappoint!  It's done well, like a real drama for adults.  There are the rest of the Avengers, crazy back stories threaded in.  It's so freakin good.  I literally sit in suspense as I watch.  My husband calls me to come to dinner and we (the kids and I) literally ignore him and keep watching.  So, I recommend you watch and get ready to be entertained.  I admit I've always liked superheroes but I never got into the Avengers; more of a Batman, Spider-Man, and Hulk tv series girl.  So now I'm into them, thanks to this show and my adorable boy who loves Ironman!
I Love Lucy is a timeless treasure.  It's what all sitcoms of today aspire to be. I can never get tired of enjoying the antics of the frowzy redhead and her friends.
The Event was a great show. I was a bit nervous that there was only one season then it was cancelled and I Wouldn't get any closure on the story. It does tie up most of the story mysteries from Season 1, but then sets up Season 2 in a huge way during the season finale, so you're left a bit disappointed the show was cancelled. For mr, it wasn't enough to regret watching Season 1. Great story, great actors, loved The a Event.
Majorly in LOVE with this show ! super-realistic, great dialogue and characters, can't wait for 3rd season.
Great series.  Love &#34;the boys&#34;. It is a fun program to watch.  It  is on the same time as several other shows I watch, so I watch it online.
Watching the episodes with my Prime subscription has been awesome!  Daniel Tosh is hilarious and I laugh out loud while watching him.  He is a gifted comedian and you can tell his crew work hard to find the funniest clips from the internet for our enjoyment. Season 1 and 4 are free for Prime members... I just wish season 2 and 3 were free as well. Daniel Tosh has become a fast favorite of mine... right after Joan Rivers! : )
This show is funny, dramatic, fun, and sometimes mysterious and suspenseful.  One of my fave shows ever!  I dont' like it as much as season 1 and 2 but its still awesome.  And my fave character is Sadie, she's hilarious!
The younger generation is picking up right where the older generation left off.  It was great to see some of the people from the original Dallas.  If you loved the original Dallas, you will love this show too.
I'm not giving away any plot information!  Suffice it to say that, as always, Hickson gives a superb performance and I hope to eventually own all the Miss Marple's with her in them.  You won't be disappointed with this movie as it stays fairly close to the book.
I've been a fan since the beginning, when the cast was slim, yet with enough of the critical elements - a hot chick, a funny guy, the old cratchety guy and enough of an ensemble to carry a great sci-fi premise. As with so many shows that succeed, they add added a really great layer of characters in this latest season. So much so, that it is a darn shame the whole thing is slated to end in a shortened final season. I contend that the unending potential of the premise is enough to go several additional seasons, and perhaps seed a new cast or spinoff. Too darn bad. Why take chances on completely new and crappy shows when this one rocks?
The colors are bright and cheerful. Great story lines.kkeps a child's attention while teaching them life lessons.My grand child really learns a lot from this show
This is an excellent show! I have been a big fan since the first season! I would recommend anyone that likes special effect in movies and TV shows to watch it!
My husband and I along with our son that lives with us like it very much. We enjoy the scenery where the movie is made along with each characters role. The main actor &#34;The GRIMM&#34; himself has these eyes not sure if it's enhanced  with makeup or not but just his eyes tells the story and draws you into each episode. We also especially like &#34;Monroe's&#34; character and the &#34;Captains&#34; and oh well just about everyone that is a regular along with the interesting so called bad guys/monsters.  We enjoy and look forward to each segment and cannot wait to see what happens next.
Brilliant , insightful, charming, captivating, hilarious,  and that's just for his arched eyebrow. If you want to laugh your ass off at the absurdity of our times, you have to watch this show. Colbert destroys the stupidity and hypocrisy of our political &#34;leaders&#34; in the best way possible with humor. Watch , laugh, and learn, Colbert is simply ..THE BEST :-)
What a great show especially if you like science fiction . Has a great theme but was sorry to only be able to watch one season. Kind of left me in the dark.
This is a fascinating series and it is so well done that it is even worth watching more than once.  I always learn from these shows and that is important to me.  They are factual and well done.
I have really gotten into this series. It's very intense at times and shows the corruption that Chicago is famous for. It really gives you some insights into Obama and his minions.
Me and my daughter love this show tumble Leaf. It's simple and not full of loud noisy characters. Just a nice relaxing show with a message.
Refreshing family values, a little romance and a lot of fun!  Definitely a &#34;chick show&#34;.  An all time favorite I adore.
This show is spin off of  green arrow from dc comics good story with good acting has good action also overall a must watch show amazing
I liked the story between the major characters. Plus this 78 yr old Grandma enjoyed seeing the handsome main character. Enjoyed the humor of the show as well.
Elementary is another one of the American tv programs which I admire. I plan to collect them all. I hope it continues for years.
I got the first season of The Big Bang Theory for Christmas and I have to say that I haven't laughed this hard at a television show in a long time. I heard good things about it, but I could never fit it into my DVR's schedule without getting rid of some other shows that I like. The cast of four nerds and a hot blonde is perfect and the writers have to be just as smart as the main characters to come up with such intricate and funny dialogue. This show is enjoyable even if you don't get all the tech geek talk, but if you understand why one of the characters playing Halo 3 gets pissed off and killed because he got a Needler weapon, then this show will blow your mind.
It's finally here. The collection that we have been waiting on for nearly four years has finally arrived, and its almost everything that I could have asked for. To be perfectly honest, I didn't think we would ever see Batman: The Brave and the Bold in the glorious hi-def picture that we so richly deserved. The only downside is that, again, this set sadly lacks the special features that were absent on the dvd collections as well.The picture and sound quality are wonderful, seeing as this show was gorgeous in the first place. This set is the COMPLETE first season, not the half season releases we saw with the DVD collections. There really isn't much to say beyond this. Batman the brave and the bold is a fun, bright, imaginative, absolute blast of a TV show, and now its finally on Blu-ray. It is a great show, and deserves to be in your collection. A treasure and an absolute must buy.
I started watching from listening to a lady he said she liked &#34;Falling Skies&#34;.The characters are well defined and you care about what's going on.The aliens depicted in this series are not all bad. I truly like this.I gave it 5 stars because I loved it.
One of the reasons I think this series does so well is that you never know which characters will live and which will die--even some of the most endearing and important people may not survive--and they face new problems in a believable situation each season that lends to even greater enjoyment.
Very sad that this was the last season! Should have gone a season more to finish but it is still worth the watch!! Has you guessing through the
The trio of automotive maniacs go on a two episode quest for the &#34;true&#34; source of the river Nile.  Whatever.  Jeremy, James, and Richard trip through Africa in three 1500 estate cars (station wagons).  Great fun - as usual.
A truly great story about America's Greatest Generation. Every day we lose more of them including last week a friend of mine who was torpedoed on the SS Leopoldville while being transported to France to fight in the Battle of the Bulge, Yhe story of these men needs to be told so that no one will forget what they did. This documentary does just that.
A Lonely Place To Die is a very Atmospheric film that not only has beautiful scenery and cinematography but also packs a punch as far as storyline and execution.The Acting is first rate and it is what it is, there really aren't any big aha moments or unexpected twists.The group of mountain climbers are in a race for their lives and the life of the little girl they saved from a man made underground prison.Many lives will be lost be it the pursuers and /or the Climbers.The main question is why do the men with heavy artillery chasing them want the girl so bad,where did she come from and will she be returned safety and will any of the climbers be alive to make sure she is?One of the best adventure/suspense thrillers of the year in my opinion because it's no nonsense and cuts right to the literal chase.There is quite a bit of violence and blood but nothing that put's it in Slasher mode although I have seen many slashers with less blood.Bottom line it's well worth a rent and even a buy.
Wow.....you'd think trying food would get old...but this series delves into more than just trying the cuisine for a region.  He'll talk about other topics that somehow relates to the whole episode...recommended.
The Kung Fu Panda series is not just fun and silly, but always has a lesson at the end... the moral of the story... so to speak. The episodes are light-hearted and simply enjoyable, great family entertainment.
And I like her - so will you. Fast skits peppered with random street interviews and clips of her stand-up. She's a lovely gal who invests in Plan B, vodka and sensible shoes for the Walk of Shame. Delightfully crass, she's also highly intelligent and sometimes her sketches really touch on the Zeitgeist. For example, what was the audition for '2 girls 1 cup' really like?
This series was a fun look into competitive shipping and logistics. Each character has his or her own story which allows the viewer to feel absolute vile and contempt for some and root for others. I enjoy watching some of the challenging scenarios that are presented and how each character responds.
I found this show quite by accident and quickly became caught up in the storyline.  I am so glad to hear there will be more seasons!
Right amount of suspense, I just hope it doesn't get too soap operaish, or unbelievable like Lost did. I reccomend.
I am rating all 3 seasons with this. Frankly I do not care if the Brits did it and the Americans borrowed the idea. IT WORKS. Good character development. Good writing. Nice use of music in every episode. I was surprised at how much I liked this show. The characters are engaging and watching it I wonder where they are going with the plot. I think at times they may go by viewer wants ... because I saw the show change in how I disliked some of the story arc some times. I am sure they can keep things going in Season 4. If you are new to the series, give it a shot. I know nothing of the actors or anyone involved but I get the impression there is a good chemistry with the cast members. They seem to get into their roles. It's not just a pay check to them.
I cannot understand why this show was cancelled.  It was absolutely fantastic.  Some eps were true works of art.  But then again, Firefly was cancelled too.
Doctor Who is just the best, and Amazon Instant is the only way I can watch it.  This season is just as good as the previous ones.
This is a Spanish film released as `Los &uacute;ltimos d&iacute;as' that is set in the aftermath of a virus outbreak that has gone global. In the wake of a volcanic eruption people develop an irrational fear of going outside and die of a panic attack if they do. We start off three months in and office workers have been holed up since the day things went from bad to disastrous. Marc wants to leave to find his girlfriend Julia, but needs a GPS. His erstwhile manager and all round nasty piece of work - Enrique - has nicked it but they come to an arrangement to help each other out.The problem is they have to stay inside, this means the underground and the sewers for navigation. Along the way they discover how far mankind has dropped into lawlessness and a `dog eat dog' World where only the fittest will survive.Now as all good sci-fi has an existential part to play and this does too and it is done really well. The back story of Marc is told in flashback and it is all filmed in the beautiful city of Barcelona. The CGI is all on the very good to excellent side and everyone puts in a good performance. Jose Conrado as Enrique is just stellar as the misunderstood yet ultimately decent boss. There are plot holes like GPS working underground etc and some poetic licence but I really enjoyed this film and it goes for the emotions on more than one occasion which just made me get even more involved. One for end of World survival fans and those who love European cinema; I can highly recommend.
This show was, is, fascinating,exciting. Loved all the characters, hated it when they were killed off. I hope it has many more seasons.
Much credit goes to Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady as originators, producers and chief writers of this excellent series.  They have managed to sustain the quality over seven years, thanks in large part to great cast led by Jim Parsons.  Parsons plays the uber-nerd of uber-nerds in  a group that is composed (apparently) of non-teaching researchers at Cal Tech.  His character, Sheldon, is the funniest of a generally excellent cast in a constant series of riffs on their super intelligence, social awkwardness and nerdy obsessions (e.g. all TV science fiction).
After watching Storage Wars: Texas, it's refreshing to watch the old gang.  Especially love Yup! and Barry.  Too much fun!
Good clean shows. Even the murders are neat and clean. You can never  guess who done it. Hope to see more of the same in the future.
good tv.. but better as DVD... a change from usual weekly TV action and shoot 'em ups.. more complex story and characters.. setting was great fun... music also a welcome change.. season two also a good bet for watching...
We hated not watching it all the way through, as there was a mystery and some action!Just enough to keep your interest and not too much over the top stuff!
Authenticity is rare as duck's teeth, and worth its weight in gold. Speaking of teeth, you gotta see Willie's son John Luke after the dentist - tears streaming down face funny! The "Robertson Zone" lifts viewer's spirits, with wholesome, eccentric-American fun. And it's great that generations of the Robertson clan enjoy the fruits of the land, from frogs to gators. Hey, you ain't seen nothing till watching Uncle Silas in a feather boa, generously dispensing sage, free advice on women and golf.Phil Robertson, the Dynasty Godfather, is blessed with more charisma that most humans. That man has a voice made for listening to, he could say anything and make it compelling. He shares his story, overcoming tribulation and being a real individual, inHappy, Happy, Happy: My Life and Legacy as the Duck Commander. Papa Phil appreciates a woman of substance, and gives valuable advice to his grandsons on finding the right one, "When you're talking 'bout bees, dogs, or women, pain can come up on you real fast." His Miss Kay is the delightful matriarch, a cook of many talents. Hungry folks are looking forward toMiss Kay's Duck Commander Kitchen: Faith, Family, and Food - Bringing Our Home to Your Table. She is a real character all on her own, and has a special way with her rat terriers - perhaps there could be a "Miss Kay the Dog Whisperer" special someday?Brothers Willie, Jase, Si, Jep, and employees Martin and Godwin are an awesome team. Godwin is blessed with a hankering for "ham samiches" and a unique voice-talent that would be great for  cartoon bears and other fuzzy creatures. Talent scouts should pay attention! And Uncle Si can dance, Jack! Check out hisSi-cology 1: Tales and Wisdom from Duck Dynasty's Favorite Uncle. Thank you Robertson clan for sharing with us. This series is an inspiration to kick back and not worry, Jack. Enjoy!Season Four Episodes Include:Till Duck Do Us PartSo You Think You Can Date?Hot Tub Grime MachineA-Jase-ent LivingTermite Be a ProblemJohn Luke After DentistScoot Along SiJerky BoysGoing Si-ralQuack O'Lanterns
Great Show, especially if you love math, common sense and reasoning! Very Educational but also lots of action. Fast paced action! Characters are endearing. I have watched all 4 seasons!
This is the best comedy on television. No matter how dark my mood, one episode of BBT will usually get me to laugh. Several times!
In the summer of 1986, the original About Last Night debuted to mixed reviews &#8211; based on the David Mamet play, Sexual Perversity in Chicago.  The film starred familiar &#8220;Brat Pack&#8221; actors Rob Lowe and Demi Moore in the leading roles of Danny and Debbie, while Jim Belushi and Elizabeth Perkins portrayed Bernie and Joan in support.  Eventually, the romance flick went on to achieve an admirable payday of $38.7 million.  And, although the Edward Zwick-directed flick was an only an average film, it still has a loyal following &#8211; meaning it was only a matter of time before it received a modern facelift.Continuing the theme of recent 80s remakes (Robocop, Endless Love), About Last Night is directed by Steve Pink (Hot Tub Time Machine) and stars Kevin Hart as Bernie.  As the story begins, Bernie is in a bar with his best friend, Danny (Michael Ealy), discussing a one-night stand he had the night before &#8211; with Joan (Regina Hall).  Bernie also happens to be waiting for Joan to show up to the bar with her friend and roommate, Debbie (Joy Bryant).  Both Bernie and Joan spend the evening doing shots and getting as drunk as possible, while Debbie and Danny (on a blind date of sorts) look on in repugnance.Debbie eventually has to leave, and Danny offers to walk her out.  While walking on the street, the pair reveals their general interest in one another, oddly culminating in a one-night stand &#8211; thus marking the beginning of a very unconventional romantic relationship.  Danny and Debbie continue spending a substantial amount of time with one another &#8211; all while Danny keeps her at an emotional arms-length in order to avoid the &#8220;relationship&#8221; tag.  But, over time, Danny asks Debbie to move in to his apartment, and while it&#8217;s paradise at first, things become stressed as time progresses.Coinciding with Danny and Debbie&#8217;s relationship is the on-again, off-again relationship between their close friends, Bernie and Joan.  One minute they are all over each other and the next they are fighting like cats and dogs.  Unlike Danny and Debbie&#8217;s relationship, Bernie and Joan&#8217;s romance is not as cut-and-dry, making for some outrageous interactions and comical situations.  Regardless, these four individuals approach their respective relationships very differently, and ultimately recognize that in order to find happiness &#8211; they each need to follow their hearts.After watching the original About Last Night and comparing it to the new reboot version, it&#8217;s clear these two films are night and day.  While the original took place in Chicago, the new version is set in Los Angeles &#8211; and progresses using a seasonal calendar (meaning it moves from Summer to Fall and then Winter, etc.).  It&#8217;s doesn&#8217;t noticeably matter all that much to the film, but does briefly progress the film in the event that a dramatic shift in time is required.  For instance, Danny and Debbie&#8217;s relationship quickly goes from the &#8220;honeymoon&#8221; phase to a comfortable, stuck-in-the-mud routine &#8211; over the change in season.There&#8217;s nothing fresh about the plot since it follows a typical clich&eacute;d romance format, but the charming characters and clever dialogue is what sets this film above the original.  For starters, Kevin Hart has never been funnier in his role as the charismatically funny, testosterone-filled Bernie Jackson.  From the very opening scene, you can tell Kevin Hart&#8217;s character is going to be over-the-top and at least play-off what Jim Belushi started with his character in the original.The last time we saw Kevin Hart in a film (Ride Along), there was very little to like about his performance.  His delivery seemed disingenuous, while his jokes seemed to miss their mark &#8211; but he certainly makes up for it in About Last Night.  Hart&#8217;s sexual banter and perfectly timed deliveries prove this a smartly written, hilarious comedy, and is most enjoyable when the screen time belongs to both he and co-star, Regina Hall.  Hart is a master of his craft, and Hall is the perfect actress to combat his sarcastic sexual barbs.  Her character is just as outlandish, similarly charismatic, and together, they make for one of the best on-screen couples in a very long time.Initially, it appears as though Hart and Hall will be the focal point of the film, however, the film transitions to the romance between Danny and Debbie.  The dramatic focal point highlights these two characters as they try to figure out whether or not they are compatible with one another.  Their storyline follows a similar path as their counterparts from the original, and unsurprisingly, Joy Bryant and Michael Ealy are more-or-less as boring as their respective friends describe them to be early on in the film.  Still, from a dramatic acting standpoint, they are both believable and likeable &#8211; just severely out-shined by Hart and Hall.The original film left plenty of room for improvement &#8211; and screenwriter Leslye Headland takes advantage with a slew of noticeable upgrades.  These improvements create additional subplots and allow for these four main characters to grow exponentially.  Headland has created a stronger relationship between the Bernie and Joan characters (which was teased several times during the original), added plenty of hilarious situations/dialogue to the mix, and even elaborated on the original premise where Danny&#8217;s character quits his job in order to start working at a revamped restaurant (in this case a bar) with a close friend.Overall, About Last Night is already going to be an audience favorite for romantic comedy of the year.  It balances the right amount of seriousness with a hefty dose of humor &#8211; making this film far superior to the original.  Kevin Hart and Regina Hall are superbly funny, and cannot be praised enough for their comedic contributions to this updated remake.  The only downside here is that even though the humor is enjoyable, it&#8217;s sexually based, which may turn some moviegoers off.  The plot is also rather generic, but what do you expect?  It&#8217;s a romantic comedy and there only so many things you can do with young relationships other than to make them, break them, and repeat.  Never the less, the characters in this smart comedy supersede the familiar plot and make it into one of 2014&#8217;s most well-rounded films thus far.GRADE:  AFNDNreview.com
This is well written with characters with real dept-- even if they are from different planets. I found the struggle to form a unified &#34;wild west&#34; flavored town interesting. Strong sub plots, too! Give it a try; you don't necessarily have to have seen the early episode, though it helps. I caught a few shows on TV and went back to Amazon and filled in the earlier episodes.
This show is fantastic! I am always amazed at what they do and how everything is so entwined. I can't wait to see what they have in store for us!
I found this show by accident and fine it hilarious. I love Hyacith, Richard and the rest of the family.  A well written and acted show .  I miss some of the dialog due to the accent but the more I watch the better I understand.  A very funny sitcom.
Well as for me , I LOVED IT.  I am 60 years old and I love the &#34;Thornberrys&#34;.  I have been watching them for years and I still like to watch them.  What can I say, &#34;WHEN YOU HAVE FOUND THE BEST, WHY LOOK AT THE REST&#34;. With so much BAD things on TV, I would rather watch something I enjoy time and time again. Beside I stop watching TV back in 2009, and I have no desire to go back to TV when I have A.M.A.Z.O.N., what does that spell......AMAZON. THANK YOU. GOD BLESS YOU.  Sincerely yours; Georgia
A great escape into fantasy and romance, what fun. Beauty and the Beast from 1987 is still very sweet, but dated. What woman doesn't want to be swept off her feet, but in this one she is also capable of standing her ground. Suspend belief for an hour and have some fun. I am.
I was hoping that they would not go down the cheesey road with a new story line and wasso happy to see it didn't.  It just keeps getting better, WOW!
One of the better ones to come out in a while, not overly dramatic with lots of action. Surprising from the same company that makes Vamire Diaries
My daughter absolutely loves this show. 2 years old and probably the show she asks for the most. If your child likes Dora and Bubble guppies they may like this one two
this show is the best episode ever and i love it i think it is a must have.thank you
After watching this season we have remained hooked!  With 2 more seasons planned we look forward to the adventures of Raylon and the excellent costars and guest stars.  highly recommend this series.
I love this show and think its worth the invested time. I've been binge watching it even though Netflix is throttling my account. It's worth the blurry screen to watch this show.
Leonard Hofstadter and Sheldon Cooper are very smart scientist living together in an apartment  in New York City. They are not very popular and their only friends are fellow scientist Rajnesh (Raj) Koothrappali and Howard Wolowitz who often come over to play games.Then Penny moves in across the way and Leonard has a massive crush on her. The show details how their lives collide each learning from the other, often with very funny consequences.
Wow!  This show gets better and better.  And I absolutely appreciate how the writers bring myths and legends from every couture around the world.So far my favorite episode is when Juliet kicked that dude's a$$ (the one who was hurting her friend).  She was fierce in that episode and my respect for that character shot up high!My second favorite episode  was the Filipino one.  The mothers eat their child's first born.  Never heard of a legend or myth about that so it was an intriguing plot. This was the first full body creature that was shown and it was freakin' awesome!!!So, kudos to the Grimm writers, for keeping the show interesting and stepping outside the box in regards to bringing other cultures outside of American myth's and legends to light!
Once you watch one, it will be tough to stop watching them. Great mix of having a per episode mystery of sorts and having a season long build-up.
Great show. Saw it on tv  about half way thru season. Top show. Funny. Something just about everyone likes. Good quality disc.
There are several island shows in a row and this one showed the vast number of islands surrounding the location and volcanos.  I always like the shows and enjoy watching over and over.
I have all of the current seasons and I can't stop loving this show!  I would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys procedurals and doesn't mind seeing dead bodies on TV.
G R E A T ! ! !  As usual it's been a very great series to watch and hope it will continue . . .
I know this series is on the &#34;bubble&#34; and I'm hoping that NBC gives it just one more season. There are so many directions they could take this, so many plot twists. Not too many shows out there that I make sure to watch. NBC give it another chance and quit with the month interruptions that kill ratings.
Love watching Doctor Who.  At least once a year I have to go watch all of them from the first one to the end.  Always can't wait for the next Doctor.
Wow. I mean really WOW!  Amazing period piece.  I'm no historian but I believe this show portrays as closely as possible how the past really was, not the romanticized &#34;Disney&#34; version.  I'm all for a good story but when dealing with such  an era? Accuracy to detail is a must.  They have hit the mark on this one. The characters are rich and develope nicely. You don't always like them or how they evolve, nor are you meant to. They are set a real people living a real life. We don't always make the best choices. The amazing part is the attention to detail. There's no sugar coating here. Pure Love, Hate, Hope, Violence, and Living is what you'll find.
This one is also fun to watch. The people in it are very enjoyable and funny. Can't wait til more episodes come out. Hurry and get them and lets get started on them.
This show reminds me when I was much younger getting in trouble taking apart my family appliances, sometimes I was able to put them back together and other times I could not, either way my mind always was creating things from the simplest stuff. I look at my son now and he is getting in trouble with me now taking apart my electronics and combining them with his electronics to create something new. I truly recommend this show for your kids, and your flashback.
Wasn't sure where they could go with the series after the first season but man that was great...bring on season 3!!
Los Angeles as the main character. Too cool. To quote another iconic Los Angeles cop: &#34;This is the city.&#34;Come on in... If you dare.
Another great list of investigations from the ghost hunter team, this time they go to more great places, and catch great evidence! I can't wait for part 2 to come out, i'll be glued to that dvd as well!
So far, we are enjoying this season more than the past season or so.  Occasionally, the episodes still get a little silly/trivial.  But mostly, we really enjoy the show.
Sell this to "MTV" ! Very Good Job ! Like Davis & B. and South Park, real candidade to a serie, Supa Natural is great Amazon! Thanks
great....Normally when a movie is made from a tv series it's just a compilation of things already done as with Borat, making it boring.ut this while still Alan in new and yes funny
Great action story of a KGB family living in DC in the 80s.  Lots of blood and a little scary for some but a great story.  Looking forward to the next season.
I just finished the first episode ready to keep watching.  Great detective story with a heart.  Interesting characters, but not too much set up like some pilots.  Tears in my eyes a couple of times.  The story completely pulled me in.
She ain't a pretty broad. She's gorgeous. Mob City ain't the kind of TV show you let your 10 year old stay up and watch. The good guy is a murderer. The bad guy is a murderer. The good guy is a cop. The bad guy is so notorious that he's synonymous with the concept of A REALLY BAD GUY. As bad as everybody seems to be, Mob City is gorgeous. As gorgeous as the period cool jazz background in episode one. As gorgeous as the bar maid that hits on Joe. As Gorgeous as &#34;Legs,&#34; who's fine enough to kill for. As gorgeous as the script that's not exactly a cliff hanger, but composed so there is no way that I'm going to miss the next episode. Mob City. I dig it the most. She ain't heavy. She's kind of sleazy. But the show is deep, dark, and God Awesome Gorgeous.
A wide range of interesting social and societal topics using empirical evidence to support or debunk various 'facts' and myths.Loved watching it and think it should be required for e everyone!
Grimm keeps getting better, though they are stringing some of the subplots a long through the season, I will be happy to see some of them concluded.
World's Greatest Dad is honestly NOTHING like I expected.  I thought it was your typical "Angry teenage son hates father/son and father eventually bond" type storyline, but it's nothing of the sorts.I really don't want to spoil the storyline because it's important NOT to know what happens during the second half.What you definitely need to know is that the first half is extremely vulgar thanks to Robin William's son who acts completely obnoxious towards his father, his friends, his teachers and the other kids at school.  Basically he has no manners whatsoever, and what's funny about the whole thing is how Robin Williams father character appears to let everything he does go by without *any* repercussions.However, something extremely shocking about halfway through the film completely changes the direction of the storyline.  I don't want to reveal what exactly it is that happens, but trust me, you probably won't see it coming.  Let's just say, it's at THIS point that Robin Williams becomes the main character and gets the opportunity to live out a life-long dream of his.So I'd say World's Greatest Dad has a perfect balance of drama and comedy elements.  The comedy segments are unintentionally funny perhaps because you shouldn't find them funny (even though you can't help but smile at least) and the drama segments are a big joke thanks to the storyline.Overall, well let's be honest- I've never seen a film like this before, haha.  Whoever came up with such an unusual and shocking idea for a storyline deserves a raise!
It's facinating, funny, informative, and great television.  RuPaul is an innovator and should be applauded for enabling this segment of the gay population to become more visible.  These ladies are beautiful and funny.  This show allows us an inside peek into this beautiful world.  I hope the show runs forever.
A colleague recommended I check out this series and I'm so glad I did.  It's a great story - very different from what is on TV right now.  I will order the second season as well and try to catch the third season when it's on TV.  This was reasonably priced and a great way to be introduced to the series.
If the quality of the pilot can be maintained Bosch will make an excellent series.  Rather than repeat the accolades of others, I urge you to view Bosch and form your own opinion.  I do not think you will be disappointed.
Another great episode ... hmmmm,  wonder who's up in the bedroom with Senator Andy?! Can't wait to find out. This is a great inaugural series for Amazon.
I love watching this show when I need to unwind after a long day.  The characters are very endearing.  I can watch it over and over.
The show was hilarious, I do wish it focused on the Onion empire (infomercials, talk shows, reality shows, etc) but the news only angle was still solidly done. Much like the Onion news stories there were times when it was so close to fact about the source material (in this case over-dramatized news dramas) that the two were almost indistinguishable. Well done. If you enjoyed the show I would suggest taking a look at some of the 1-star comments; the morons, adolescents and christian fundamentalists are funny enough, but the 1-star reviews that satire the aforementioned groups take the cake. One person was deeply offended at the mention of Jesus' bulge while another wrote the show off because nano-millimeter is not a real measurement. Moral of this story; watch the show, rate it five stars, then read the 1-star comments and revel in the feeling of intellectual  superiority.
She had an interesting life and I was pleased to hear about her being defended against her daughter. The daughter who wanted an acting career and a rich Daddy. Considering the fact that she was an adopted child I do not believe that she appreciated Joan Crawford as a mother or anything else. She was a self made woman. She deserves credit.
As much as I love this series the buyer should be aware that Amazon is slow in downloading the videos where you buy a season pass.  If you want it fast you should choose ITunes.  They are quicker.
The first season of Glades was really great.  I liked that there was no heroic cop actions, far more realistic, and no sex and violence thrown in having nothing to do with the plot.  Really good detective work, and kept me guessing til the end.  Worth going to season 2 for continued saga.  The characters in the series are super, and Longworth is a good actor.
It's really sad that this is Atlantis' final season, as their stories are only getting better -- the writing is tighter, the characters developed and emotional.  Such drama was only bested by Galactica and Stargate SG1.Jennifer is taken over by a thief who was messing around with the same Ancient communication device that Daniel messed with when he discovered the Ori.  That lead to a huge story arc.  On Atlantis, it leads to attempted murder and possible loss of a loved one.Can't wait for future episodes.  I here there's a DVD movie coming.Stargate Atlantis - The Complete Seasons 1 and 2Stargate SG-1 - The Complete Series Collection
I was skeptical when I first heard about this series.  I am a fan of the original movies (even Manhunter) and didn't think this would be a very good interpretation.  Wow, was I wrong.  The cast is incredibly strong (Mads Mikkelsen is charming, sympathetic, and yet terrifying at the same time) and the atmosphere of this series is unnerving, but in a great way.  It doesn't flinch too much from the subject matter and it is far more graphic when it comes to the deaths, then I imagined it could be.It it well worth your time, especially if you are tired of the usual procedural television.
Okay, like the title says. The Grand Children love the Movie. I have to admit, I loved it to. Get it for the entire family and I bet you'll like it to.
This is one of the cop shows that is really enjoyable.  Wisecracking cops, some heartfelt drama and the good guys win.  What could be more entertaining?
I have liked Timothy Olyphant ever since seein him as the bad guy in Girl Next Door.He plays US Deputy Marshall, Raylan Givens, formerly working in Miami, FL, he justifiably kills a drug lord. They send him back to Lexington, KY to cool off, I guess"He gets sent to Harlan, KY lower Eastern KY on the border of West Virginia, which is where he grew up. Think the movie Walking Tall, or Law and Order in Appalachia, on a TV show.Season 1 is him coming back to town, everyone greeting and welcoming back home. He gets to deal with an old friend become criminal, Boyd Crowder (Walter Goggins) and the Crowder Crime family, which deals in part with the Meth trade, that in reality has taken hold a lot of Appalachia. A modern day Western, Hatfield and McCoy style.Season 2 is subperb TV with Emmy winning performances by Mama "Mags" Bennett, (Margo Martindale) and Jeremy Davies (Lost's physicist, Daniel Faraday), who plays her son Dickie. The Bennetts are another crime family in Harlan, Raylen's family has history with them, too. There is also a great scene with Raylan's boss Art who gets to catch an old bank robber played by the guy who plays Herschel on the Walking Dead.Season 3 brings in Detroit mobsters, with a story lead by Robert Quarles, played by Neil McDounough, who is planning a pill clinic dispensing business to cash in on all the addicts of the hollers in what has become a desperate land.Coming from living in cities of California all my life, I lived in southern Ohio for a couple of years right over the border from Eastern Kentucky. While I was welcomed with the southern-sounding-to me charm/dialect that is similar to what is depicted in this show, there were some shady things going on in the small town. When I lived there, I was always asked about the pace of the lifestyle back there being "slow" for me. And let me tell you, for a California girl, the first two months I was there, I felt frozen in time (it lasted forever, it seemed, and it was summer time, miserably hot and humid). So I must say the writing and acting is subperb. It is very real and believable. I have seen some of these characters depicted on the show. The lines many of the actors say on this show will make you laugh, such as when Raylan's boss calls him the "Hillbilly Whisperer"I would say if you are a fan of Breaking Bad, which is ending soon, try this show for your next addiction. Now on to Season 4. I think Timothy Olyphant deserves an award for this show, as he is Raylan Givens.
This series offers a gentle learning lesson and is a great way to entertain a toddler who likes to dance!
This series manages to expose parts of all our issues, faults, character that require resolution. The writers and actors help us to identify with both servant and master, oppressed and the oppressor. And even though specific topics of our society change over the years, our ways of dealing with them seem to be (unfortunately) consistent. Never have I viewed characters who had so much about to them to admire and at the same time so much to be pitied/frustrated over. Best viewing ever
This is a family who is down to earth and loyal although sometimes get a bit carried away in some of their antics. So what? I love them all.
Love this show!  Good cast of characters.  If you like shows with a bit of supernatural beings you will like this show.  A 'grimm' is a man with the ability to see beyond the human facade that creatures hide behind.  The main character-Detective Berkhart works for the  Portland, Oregon police department.  He encounters this creatures when investigating crimes around the Portland area.  Good supporting cast.  Good story lines.  Highly recommended.
The show is based on Sherlock Holmes and his side kick Watson. Watson is now Joan instead of James played well by Lucy Liu and instead of London it is set in New York. It took me a while to get to like this Sherlock actor, Johnny Lee Miller especially after the tour de force Robert Downy, Jr performance in his two Holmes films. Slowly, his take on Sherlock has made the Conan Doyle character more sympathetic and likeable than any version I had seen played. Rounding out the actors are Aiden Quinn and Jon Michael Hill who are Holmes' police friends for whom he and Joan Watson provide consultation.Coming to the show late and having the luxury to see the first season without commercials the refining of the characters is easily definable. Season 2 is continuing the same improving and refining progression as Season 1 only with better antagonists. This show is well worth your time.
It is very fun to see what these chefs can do with a set number of ingredients and a limited amount of time.
My husband and I really enjoyed this pilot as it covered adventure, science fiction, and action into one awesome show.  Unfortunately, the SCYFY show decided the show wasn't worthy of pursuing.  Too bad too because it was good!
Such a great show. Love George and his adventures. He always fixes his messes and helps out whenever he can.
The best and most entertaining program yet on Kindle Fire.
Still keeping my loyalty to this show...but I would hope the writers can come up with new variations of plot for Patrick Jane.
Action pack show that keeps you glued to the TV. Waiting for season 5 to be available for prime members.
The Universe is a very good series with a lot of true science. And it is very well explained. Surprised the Creationists diden't picket this one, too!!
Marvelous programming.  Yea BBC!  Everything about this series is quality:  the characters are wonderful, the way the story unfolds is intriguing, and I really like the way key story points are revealed through the episodes.  LOVE IT.
I love this show.  Great acting and great character development.  Can't wait for season 4 if there is one. Love it.  (This twenty word thing is killing me...pun intended.)
Suits is such a great, smart, well written show with a brilliant cast.  Gabriel Macht is amazing as Harvey Specter. Its interesting to see how things develop between him and Mike.  Donna is so much fun.  And then there is Lewis.  I usually feel at least two emotions a show where he is concerned.  Love him. Hate him. Feel bad for him. Laugh.  Jessica is very smart and one of the most elegant characters on tv.  Overall..AWESOME
I really don't need to say much more than this. Usually I write a long, detailed review.  This time I think the show speaks for itself.I ran across this little gem and thought I would try an epsisode.  3 seasons, and I haven't been able to look away.I love the fact that there are no sexual/romantic themes in this series.  It is really refreshing to watch a show where I can't like the protagonist because they are changing partners or relationships or involved in love triangles, etc.  I like a clear-cut romance or leave it out completely.  And these guys make it WORK.Every episode is fascinating, and while there are some facepalm moments (like Finch landing a 727 remotely with a toy joystick), Overall it's pretty believable and shows us what Big Government can be capable of.Love it.
President Heller is a great President but he needs a haircut. If he runs for the real President I'll vote for him. Maybe Jack could be the VP. Great series so far. I'd also like to say that everyone is doing a great job of acting. Never been to London but if I were rich I'd definitely take in the sites.
Great series! Entertaining, funny and kind of wacky - you should start at the beginning or else you'll be lost.
I love this show!  I knew of Ragnar from history class.  I have always been an ancient world history buff.  I thought this show would be all right, but had no idea that I would love it so completly.  There are sex seens (short) however with no nudity.  There is a lot of bloodshed, but then again,  What do you expect about a series chronicaling the life of one of the greatest vikings ever known?Enjoy!
Great show? This show gets gets better every season. Story and characters sharp and smart. I stream everything and this and Elementary are the only 2 shows I'm willing to pay for to watch in season. Watch it, you'll love it.
Always thought serial killers are scum but I kinda like having Dexter around just to even things out, balance the bad with the...whatever.
This is a very cute show. Little Bear is such a kind, tender hearted little bear. My three little grandsons love this show. Perfect for girls also.
This show is great the team makes it work. I hope they find another agent for Govbs and crew to make the team complete again.
I enjoyed every minute of this movie and laughed out loud many times. The highest compliment I can pay is I converted from rental to own!!
I watched Grimm Season 1, and got interested in it enough to keep watching.  During Season 2, I think the show's writers are really starting to hit their stride.  I thoroughly enjoyed this season of Grimm, and cannot wait to see the next season!
It is my one of my favorite true crime shows, along with 'City Confidential' which I hope Amazon will put on Instant Video soon. If you like true crime shows, then you will like this one. The forensic evidence detailed in this show is quite fascinating.
For years now, I would see episode previews, advertising, etc. and think that I didn't have one ounce of interest in this show. Now I'm addicted. Last week I was sick and there was nothing that interested me to watch and I decided to give this show a try. I have watched all 3 seasons in 4 days and can't get enough. Not every episode is golden, but it surprisingly has great characters that I find endearing and laugh out loud dialogue. Yes, it can be crass at times, but overall it's wonderfully fun!
My kids enjoy watching this show when they're feeling cruddy with a cold- the stories are sweet! Not hard for me to sit through either :)
When I began watching this series I knew that one season was not going to be enough for me. I am half way through and am entertained, interested, and anxious to find out what happens next. Coping with war, death and living the best way that they can is a lesson in the human spirit.
You would think that after 6 seasons, this should would start to degrade in quality.  However, unlike other shows, this one seemed to thrive in its sixth season.  They are really pushing the bar and keeping expectations high.  The show also does not rely heavily on past episodes (except in the case of a couple of the to be continued ones).  So one could jump in at any season / episode and still enjoy it.
This was one  of the best series.  It had a ton of River Song, the doctor, and his ponds!  Love it so much!
It was interesting to watch items brought from junk to jewels. It is like a restoration of history. It is really worth watching.
There is not much to say accept the people who gave this show 3 and four stars must be from theplanet "Mindess". They don't know what interesting is. You know the type! It is very difficult for them to do something besides breathe. I can not go ino every plot or situatioin. But my hats off to the director , producer and certainly the actors who can't be equalled. This is not a show with a light plot.  It is show that twists around someone in the show and then goes on to something else. It is a show that keeps changing central charactors, which is the good guy and who is  the bad guy. Or, maybe there is not a good or bad guy.I will reccomend this TV serriew to people who ejoy thinking and getting envolved woth the charactorswhich is getting envolved with the plot. In short the stories are extremly complicated, but basically simple. Buy it.
I love this Batman. Film makers should look to this version of Batman when casting their various versions. Kevin Conroy's voice does this cartoon Batman justice. The voice matches the tall and broody Dark Knight.
The Unit season 4 has really up'ed the ante for a secret military action packed series.  I have not always cared for the wives part in the series but was amazed with a well put together series that showed their intelligence and &#34;stand by your man&#34; character.  It got a 5 star rating because it produced a solid written story that was interesting and amusing. It caused me to become addicted to what happens next.  A great series you won't want to miss.
I truly love Shaun the Sheep - all seasons.  It is handled so cleverly, with many small touches that make me laugh - Momma sheep with her hair in curlers - baby sheep with a pacifier - the sheep following Shaun's suggestions (just as sheep are accused of doing).  You know &#34;following someone like sheep led to a slaughter&#34;.  The clay characters are absolutely amazing - Harry Hillhausen would be proud.
We love this show.  The characters are fascinating whether you love them or hate them, and sometimes that line gets blurred because they are so doggone interesting and funny.  Best TV since the great seasons of &#34;24&#34;, and frankly more believable.  Beware, though ... you might start funnin' around and picking up their mountain holler accents.  LOL
I love this series. It took me awhile to get around to watching. I tend to automatically roll my eyes at &#34;reality&#34; tv. I think much of it is scripted versus reality. This series might have some scripting in it but I don't care. It is fun to watch. It feels like family. You may not always agree with the people in it and you may find yourself rolling your eyes but that is what family will bring out in you. It does include prayer so if love of God and country offends you, you are warned. I wouldn't let it stop me from watching though. You'll miss out on a lot. Just like you would if you miss out on family gatherings.
I watched ths once before and loved it so much I had to see it again.  Well worth the time spent! A very good production.
Takashi Miike is to excess what Clint Eastwood is to underplaying it. 13 ASSASSINS, Miike's thundering remake of Eichi Kudo's 1963 feature film, is an epic samurai period film - a fine jidaigeki - and it once more validates this man's mastery of his craft. If you're down with archetypes, what's more archetypal than the steadfast samurai? So there's that ingredient very much in the mix, but then Miike gives it a twist. A subtle running theme involves the steadfast samurai conflicted between his loyalty to his corrupt lord and the knowledge that his lord's depravity will certainly destroy the realm should he ascend to greater power. No wonder the samurai are stoic mothers.Set in 1844, near the end of Japan's feudal era, the story makes known to us the Shogun's younger half-brother, the sadistidc Lord Naritsugu (Goro Inagaki), whose despicable deeds have damned him in the eyes of Sir Doi, a senior advisor in the Shogun's council. Except that protocol must be observed. Lord Naritsugu cannot be removed from his office without compromising the shogun system. And so Sir Doi enlists to his cause the crafty and patient samurai and widower Shinzaemon Shimada (Koji Yakusho, whom I freakin' loved in SHALL WE DANCE?). Shinzaemon listens to Sir Doi's pitch and then reflects: "How fate smiles on me. As a samurai in this era of peace I've been wishing for a noble death." He quietly goes about his recruitment drive, eventually gathering eleven other likeminded warriors. Plus a peasant from the hills who relishes a good scrap. Thirteen assassins.I don't know that Miike covers anything new in the samurai genre. In fact, I'm fairly certain he doesn't. What makes his movie so very good is the solid storytelling and the sheer style he infuses into the thing. It helps that Miike is able to so vividly demonstrate Lord Naritsugu's vileness and his utter contempt for those inferior to his rank. The lord's acts of brutality recall the disturbing vibe so prevalent in Miike's AUDITION and ICHI THE KILLER. You watch Lord Naritsugu and you can't help but wish a world of hurt on him. The thirteen assassins' cause is a righteous cause. Shinzaemon Shimada ensures that his killing crew is prepared to sacrifice their lives if need be. He tells them, "He who values his life dies a dog's death," and I'll be using that phrase next time my buddies try to bluff me at the card table. But off they go, Shinzaemon and his crew, thirteen going up against more than two hundred of Naritsugu's bodyguards.Miike takes his time setting the stage and introducing the characters, and so you may start thinking that the narrative is plodding. But the first hour rewards you. It lends depth; it enriches the story. In fact, I wish the story had developed more of the thirteen assassins so that some of their deaths later on would mean more. There are only four or five characters in whom I was truly invested. And, yes, that unruly hillsman Koyata (Yusuke Iseya) - who gleefully fights with rocks in a sling and whatever else he can get his hands on - is one of them.The last fifty minutes are crazy bananas! Miike's sense of bravura is on full display as we eyeball the extended, extremely bloody final battle. How could thirteen men stand up to over two hundred fighters? You would have to pick the site of the battle (in this instance, an abandoned town). And you would have to stage a maze of boobytraps. And, even then, odds are, it's still a suicide mission. Takashi Miike unloads a series of intense, harrowing action sequences that detail the ugliness and futility and sheer chaos of war. Shinzaemon Shimada was not messing around when, in the calm before the storm, he displays to the enemy a raggedy banner on which is scribbled "Total massacre!"Thirteen against over two hundred - let's not kid ourselves. Not everyone makes it out alive. Most everyone, in fact, perishes. The thirteen assassins may be elite samurai but fatigue and overwhelming numbers will exact their toll, and they fall one by one. I like to think that Akira Kurosawa would've enjoyed the hell out of this film. Certainly there are echoes here of THE SEVEN SAMURAI. Kurosawa would've been down with Miike's message. He would've approved of Shinzaemon Shimada but approved even more of Koyata, the feral man from the hills. "Do only samurai matter in this world?" Koyata rages at one juncture. But then he also whoops to his fellow fighters: "Your samurai brawls are crazy fun!" Miike leaves Koyata subject to interpretation, and I only mention this because some folks have ranted on about how unrealistic it is that Koyata is able to survive some of his nastier wounds. You could put that down to his being a very tough bloke. But there are clues peppered in the film that may suggest Koyata isn't human at all - and, if so, there goes that hard-fought sense of realism. Either way, Koyata - and Lord Naritsugu, come to think of it - fits into Takashi Miike's wild aesthetics more so than anyone else in this picture.The DVD's bonus stuff: tons of deleted scenes (00:18:13 minutes long, with English sub-titles); an interview with Takashi Miike in which he, while flashing a sly grin, invites everyone to bring their grandma and grandkids to the movie (00:18:40 minutes long, with English sub-titles); and the theatrical trailer.
Almost Human is a great show. One, well worth the time. Do you wonder what the world will be like in a couple of decades? What will technology bring tomorrow and how will it impact our lives? Will the crime of tomorrow and the efforts to combat that crime be different? If you think that this is simply a science fiction program, think again. It is almost like the writers of this show receive the newspaper weeks, months, maybe even years before we do. An episode dealt with the theft of Bitcoins, just weeks before a scandal involving Bitcoin occurred. Another involved the3D printing of human bodies, and a cupcake, just a few days before our newspaper devoted a whole page to the 3D printing of designer foods. The writers are very in tune to the cutting edge of technology and have thought a great deal about where that technology will lead us. They&#8217;ve thought about how criminals tomorrow will use this technology against us, and how the police can fight back using the same technology as well as time proven police techniques. The networks need to provide more shows like Almost Human rather than the mindless drivel such as Dancing with the Stars, American Idol, and other so called reality shows that numb our senses.
Hank, Evan, and Divia could not be more different but become a family who are concerned about their patients. You all wish you had a medical team like this. They become a family over the season and it does not feel forced or perfect. The brothers fight, but always have the other's back. I don't write many reviews but have been drawn to this show over the last 5 season. It will make you feel that there is always a good side to life, even when bad things happen to good people. Boris is a great character,and he is stiff, but that does not mean he is not part of the group. The characters that go in and out play vital roles.
Good stars, good casting of characters, good writers. All the things I want in entertainment. I do believe that the TV series writers are turning out far better work than the full length movie writers.
I found each episode very interesting. I like the way they use the actual 911 recordings and then commentary from those involved in each incident. I would watch every episode available!
This season is amazing!!! Walking Dead is so intense.  I am definitely ready for the last of this season to come out.  Love the Walking Dead.
It's a funny show runs along the lines if it's always sunny in Philadelphia not nearly as clever but definitely entertaining
I enjoy how this shows uses Eric illness to show that people has to be aware as to how the medication and situations can affect them. This show is such a great role model in showing how to can make choices of their own. Everyone is really good in their roles ! Keep of the great work.
I can't believe this show doesn't get more critical acclaim. It has great actors in every role, especially the leads, Joel Kinnamon and Mirielle Enos (not sure of the spelling for these).  The plots are intriguing.  The show follows a murder case (or, cases in Season 3) through the entire season.  The chemistry between the detective partners played by Kinnamon and Enos is palpable, but they are not involved romantically.  Very well done.
Enjoying Clara and the Doctor's puzzlement at just when he saw her past or future... The reborn Tardis is great also. New season off to a great start. Cheeky!
Love this show... The acting, plots for the episodes, and the filming are all amazing. This show is highly recommended.
This was a very entertaining series.  Good plots, good acting, interesting characters.  Plenty of humor to go with the crime stuff.  Even my wife liked it, and she is not a t.v. person in general.  Can't imagine watching these series on network t.v. with constant commercial breaks.  But they are great on Amazon Prime.
Love this show!  Hate waiting from week-to-week to see what's going to happen next.  Just when you think things are going in one direction, the show takes it in another direction.
This show reminds me of 30 Rock. Bizarre humor, likable characters, and plenty of so-stupid-it's-funny moments. I've been a fan of The Onion for a long time, and for those complaining about offensiveness or absurdity, I really can't take you seriously. It's The Onion. That's what they do.
This series has captivated me from the &#34;get-go&#34;.  It has all the elements of a great show:  it is suspenseful, unpredictable, action-packed and well-written.
Caillou is a safe show for young kiddos and teaches some social skills. Thank goodness, no more puppets in this season!
Plots constantly change with all kinds of crimes they have to investigate and come up with novel ways to solve.
After being frozen in amber for 21 years, the Fringe team discovers that they are folk heroes - recorded in the future version of dime novels, and in crystal technology. The treasure hunt is on for six videotapes Walter created and hid in various places, that detail the plan to eradicate the Observers from earth, and restore our planet to an environmentally safe place to live. While Astrid stays behind in the lab trying to unsnarl tape number three (the first one found), and discover what Walter was looking for, the Bishop family ventures into the wilds of Pennsylvania. Once they reach the designated coodinates they find a hidden group of natives recording the earth's history since the Observers took over. The group is infected with a bark like fungus due to the Observers changing the atmosphere (more carbon monoxide so they can breathe better), and the Bishop family shows early signs of infection soon after they arrive. Once Astrid identifies the prize the team is after, it is a race against time before the Observers track down the hidden camp and the Fringe team. Brilliant character actor Paul McGillion (Stargate Atlantis/Sanctuary) turns in a tender and sweet performance as the father of a young boy in the camp and the lead recordist.FYI - If you are looking for Nina and Broyles - currently they are only scheduled to appear in episodes 5.6 and 5.13.
I am a fan of other crime dramas e.g. Castle, Bones, etc.  I also am a fan of Sherlock Holmes. I love the modern take on Sherlock Holmes. I will admit that reading the stories by Arthur Conan Doyle, I can get a little lost in the references of modes of transportation and techniques that are over a hundred years old. This show helps to bridge that gap, so we are working with cell phones and cars, which is something I can relate to.The acting is great. I love that they chose Lucy Liu for the part of Watson.The story telling is good. The stories are good.I also appreciate the show is relatively clean. The themes can be adult but they don't seem to be trying to push the the envelope with the content.
Ensemble interaction is first rate.  Suspend imagination and just let the story unfold as crazy as it is and enjoyable at same time.  Well done by all involved!
Loved it from the first episode and could not wait for the DVD to be released so I could watch the episodes over and over.  It is just that good.  I am hanging out for more as the first Season only had thirteen episodes.  I believe it has now been definitely picked up and therefore can look forward to many more.  Do yourself a favour and watch it you will not be disappointed.
if "all in the family" "roseanne" and "will & grace" had a baby on acid it would be lucky if it was as good as this wonderful showellen barkin shines. she is wrong often enough to be a real-life mcconservative, but like an annoyingly square grandmother, she can also be profoundly right. i'm now 6 episodes in and it continues to get better from an already impressive pilot.nene leakes alone is worth the admission. i always knew she was a thousand foot tall party, but i didnt know she could act. turns out she can and is the best supporting character in ages. i might even start watching glee just to see her.the little girl is also worth staying for. actually the whole cast is good and the writing is cutting edge and sometimes punctuates the semi-cartoon atmosphere with a moment or five that are shockingly real.love it love it love it.
It's fair to say that we may have vampire overload in today's media.  It seems every year, a new vampire movie comes out with its own twist on Bram Stoker's character.  Some don't even bother and just create their own character.  In short, our fascination with these immortal bloodsuckers, just like their appetite for blood, has not yet been satiated.  Vampires are cool!Awakened from deep sleep by Abraham Van Helsing, Dracula makes his way to England, posing as American Entrepreneur, Alexander Grayson.  The two men are on a mission to take down the &#34;Order of Draco&#34;.  The Order was responsible for the deaths of both men's loved ones.  Using extortion, bribery, and murder as its tools of the trade, the Order continues to grow ever more powerful.  Intent on keeping the Order from controlling the world petroleum supplies, Grayson and Van Helsing secretly work to undermine the actions of the Order.  Helped along by his able manservant, Renfield, Grayson slowly integrates himself into Victorian England's upper class.There's plenty of violence here.  Graphic violence.  This is not a show for young children.  Here, Dracula not only fights with his teeth under cover of the night, but also within corporate boardrooms, dark bedrooms, and London's upper class hang outs.  Jonathan Rhy-Myers' vampire is part Gordon Gecko, wheeling and dealing his way to power.  However, his genius is undeniable as he gets closer to his goals of developing a source of free energy to break oil's hold on the economy.Joining Myers is Thomas Kretschman, Jessica De Gouw, Victoria Smurfit, Nonso Anozie, and the very beautiful Katie McGrath.  Smurfit, as a vampire huntress, perhaps has been getting the most opportunity to showcase her talents.  Here, she plays Lady Wetherby as a very athletic and very deadly hunter, more deadly than those she hunts.  Kretschman and Anozie, both veteran actors, have both been doing an excellent job playing off of Myers during their scenes.This is a very satisfying show.  I am enjoying this show and &#34;Sleepy Hollow&#34;.  In my opinion, the two best shows to come out in 2013.
The Glee series is one of the best series on TV these days. I love all the types of music that these do on the show.
This particular season is excellent. I cant wait until season 8 lands on Amazon.CSI is far superior to the other CSI shows (New York & Miami). Season 7 ends with a bang and leaves you drooling for more, like every other season.Great series, great acting, great stories!!!
Good writing, good production value, engaging subplots, and impressive acting. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes crime drama or scifi
This is possibly the funniest stuff on the small screen.  I would love to watch more.  Drunk history is a great thing.
What a great dynamic between all of the actors! I was a little skeptical at first upon hearing the corny music in the start of the show, but the opening scene with Bill Murray was hilarious and kept me watching! I look forward to being able to see more!!
cant wait for the season to start, hope they never cancel it...amazing, amazing, amazing. cant say enough good things about it. very family friendly!!!
I stumbled on this show by mistake and have loved it ever since, great new concept on our old briefs of the super natural world.  I love all sci fi shows, this one is refreshing, keep them coming.
Zombies never watched a show on them before this show made me see it all in a new way show has a way of drawing you in certain characters you either love or hate not even one sees or feels the same though
I never thought I would find something like this interesting, but I very much enjoyed watching this episode. Rodrigo's actor is perfect for the role even if he looked a little like Seth Green.
Love the trio of Neal, Peter and Mozzie. The new handler part was not the best but I am eagerly looking forward to this Season. Clever plots, great acting and an amazing cast...Can't wait
Great animation, music and engaging stories plus education in shapes, patterns and math. Who could ask for more In a just-right series for the pre-school set? Our guys love it!
So funny! She's such a girly girl but a guys girl too. A bit too dorky at times but thats what makes this show great.
I loved it -- haven't enjoyed a show this much in decades!  One of the funniest sitcoms I have ever seen.  It's even funnier than the Onion News itself.  Sly, irreverent -- looks like nothing will be sacred (but let's hope they learned where to draw the line after the Oscar fiasco).
Third season continues to satisfy with excellent new characters and plots,  feel like Elmore Leonard's hand is in it.Dialog and Setting  - Harlan Co. Ky,  (but really California) make for interesting and compelling change of pace in this Detective Action Cerebral Thriller.  Great new villains an plot twists.  Rayland becomes a vehicle to allow other secondary characters to shine. Boyd is complex but growing in likeability.
If I could give this show more than 5 stars I would.  The characters are so defined, the storyline is fantastic.  I can hardly wait to find out what happens from one episode to the next.  Its like a good book you cant put down and hate for it to end.Bring it on.
I loved it! I will admit that I am a reality TV junky and  lately my reality TV shows have lacked luster. And then I discovered Dance Moms and these ladies  have a whole new set of drama! Whoa!
The first part of this review is for those familiar with Von Daniken and/or the crazy hair dude:_________Part 1It's quite a hoot. I recommend watching a random selection of episodes because the titles don't begin to describe the mishmash of tall tales and magical myths of unfounded falderal contained within.For example, if you are LDS, you'll get a kick out of the episode entitled "Aliens and the Old West" which has such an unconvincingly inaccurate and ridiculously fabricated retelling of a famous story in the history of the Restoration that you'll quickly ascertain the series is a joke.If they can take a modern day account as well documented and as widely known as that one and brazenly present a poorly contrived whole cloth fabrication as fact, then imagine what a tissue of lies the retelling of everything else in the series must be!For those of you who are not LDS, Google the term "Ica Stones" and then watch Season 4 Episode 10  entitled "Aliens and Dinosaurs". You'll see that not once do they reveal the well known and 100% accepted truth about "Ica Stones".The bald faced lying about Ica Stones in this episode alone should cause the series to lose all credibility with you.But it is fun to watch.And I agree with a 1-star reviewer that it's great for putting you to sleep. In fact, I think a great party idea would be a marathon to see who could stay awake through the most episodes.______________PART 2Younger viewers and those not familiar with the godfather of this chicanery who started it all by presenting his fictional "Chariots of the Gods" book as legitimate science should know that this series is the latest in an elaborate hoax perpetrated by unscrupulous charlatans*.Legitimate scientists, authors and researchers have had to spend so much time and money debunking that defrauding Daniken and his American cohort, Art Bell that it is no longer funny. It is wrong to exploit people who do not know how to Google things for themselves and dupe them into believing what amounts to a false religion.The "ancient astronaut theorists" featured in this series are contemporary folklore-creating shaman who, instead of creating new and clever tales and myths are using the myths and tales of much cleverer shaman of the past and are simply repackaging the ancient fiction as "fact".Far out! Why didn't I think of that! Man, in one way that crazy haired dude is a genius!It's like they played the Gossip Game with 20 groups and used the "purple monkey dishwasher" output of group 1 as the input to group 2 and so forth until the garbled menagerie of convoluted nonsense spat out by group 20 is put to music with some animation and stock UFO footage, presented as "fact" and voila! A History Channel-2 money-making modern flea circus is born!Hence, thousands of Coast-to-Coast radio junkies using the term "common grey alien" the way you and I use the term "common sparrow".Bizarre!_____________*A quicker way to tell that this series is a dud, intellectually is to make a cursory analysis of the appearance and mannerisms of these frauds. Every one of the "experts" has a speech impediment, hairdo challenge and wardrobe failure that will make you laugh. Bless those people in the world who suffer from similar afflictions. A speech impediment and inability to comb ones hair or match tops and bottoms is nothing to laugh at. But for crying out loud, in a top 40 cable channel series to have EVERY ONE OF YOUR EXPERTS LOOKING LIKE THEY CRAWLED OUT OF THE VIADUCT UNDER THE 44TH STREET BRIDGE!?  Really!?
Timothy Olyphant, an excellent actor in his own right, has been blessed with a seemingly unending array of equally excellent actors and actresses to work with.  It is not often that a series has an actor who can portray a &#34;bad guy&#34; as more than a cardboard setup for the &#34;hero&#34; to defeat.  This series is all around great plotting, pacing, characterization, cinematography (watch for it) and directing!
Summer seems to be test time for new series for the television audience and so far the shows that are coming out of Britain look the most promising. First we had the abbreviated 3 episode appetizer ZEN which in its short run got progressively more interesting and promising and now come THE HOUR from BBC America. The series just debuted in what appeared to be prolonged trailer for the long series that hopefully will continue: the title refers to a television news broadcast that is created before our eyes, the final scenes being a toast to this new venture acting as an overture to what is to come.Overtures to operas usually introduce themes that will appear in the opera that follows once the curtain opens and that is how THE HOUR comes across. This is a time piece set in the 1950s when Cold War-era England was awash in the news of the Suez crisis, one of Britain's sharpest intimations of loss, with a more intimate look at sex, ambition and espionage in the workplace along with the world wide speculation of JFK as a vice presidential candidate in the US. It's a time of unsettling change, except at the BBC, where even driven reporters are assigned to do feel-good newsreels about debutante balls and royal visits. The series opener, written by Bafta Award-winning Abi Morgan, takes us behind the scenes of the launch of a topical news program in London 1956, and introduces a highly competitive, sharp-witted and passionate love triangle at the heart of the series through the lives of enigmatic producer Bel Rowley (Romola Garai) and her rivals, journalist Freddie Lyon (Ben Wishaw) and anchorman Hector Madden (Dominic West): we will begin to see the decade on the threshold of change - from the ruthless sexual politics behind the polite social faade of the Fifties to the revelations that redefined the world for a new generation. Aside from the behind the scenes views and devious workings of the BBC we also see the beginning of a crime element in which the victim is touted as being part of a robbery while the ever-suspicious and career climbing Freddie sees it as a murder to be investigated. There are 1950s reminders of Debutante Balls, the universal cigarette smoking habits, the 'gentlemen only clubs' where women are not allowed (secondary citizens, you know!), and all the clothes and hats that reek of the 50s.The cast is rich in fine British actors (Juliet Stevenson and Tim Pigott-Smith appear briefly in roles that will likely be expanded, Anna Chancellor is the acid tongued foreign correspondent, Burn Gorman is the suspicious, hatted man, etc), but if were only Ben Wishaw and Romola Garai and Domenic West every week the show would sail. There is a lot of style and sophistication and just the right amount of British intrigue and humor that almost sure that this series will fly. Grady Harp, August 11
I just love the competition . The rotating judges are a good idea also. I have been fortunate enough to have been exposed to the preparation of food through friends and associates. Great Show
A new twist on Si-Fi,  Interesting fair story, could go a little faster. but worth the watch. I hope it keeps up with the ratings.
This series is well worth the time invested in watching Charles Dickens' classic unfold.  I never understood it so well reading it in High school. Until I saw this version, which is so well acted, the incredibly complex characters of Dickens world do truly come to life.  There is so much merit in the many messages projected in this series from what brings real happiness in life to who is a real debtor, to what constitutes a good and noble person.  I will watch this series again and again, as there is so much wisdom and insight to gain from seeing it over and over.At first the different English and French accents may be hard to follow, as we are not so accustomed to hearing these dialects but with patience it becomes clearer and more easily understandable.  Well worth the time and patience.
This is a very good series and the fourth series is shaping up very well.  The group is all shattered and trying to find each other.  I just like to say this is a good series to watch.
These guys are great and they have a fantastic team. There have been a couple of knock-off shows that weren't even in the same galaxy as the Mythbusters. I would give 7 stars if I could!!
Like many people, I suspect, I would see a show called "Archer" in the TV guide grid of my satellite subscription. Not knowing what it was, except for the terse episode descriptions ("Archer must seduce an enemy agent"), I often continued channel surfing. IF ONLY I'D KNOWN! I would have been watching Archer from the start. WATCH IT and make up your own mind.Archer is incredibly well written, extremely humorous, and creates stereotypes for the purposes of both homage to old genre/cult TV/movies, and also in order to satirize those aspects of them that are hopelessly out of date. There's also some sly humor about show biz.Archer, both the character and the show, is highly politically incorrect on a constant and ongoing basis. (This is NOT a show for easily offended people.) Yet the political incorrectness doesn't feel gratuitous and joyless like it is on Family Guy and American Dad (which I like, but... are much, much more "in your face"). Archer's political incorrectness feels authentic to the major characters, most of whom (especially Archer) are intriguing, anachronistic constructs of spy and action stereotypes -- especially Archer and Malory.Everyone drinks, often excessively -- no one more than Archer. There's drug use, tons of violence as they complete their missions, and usually sex and/or discussion of sex, some of which is kinky or bizarre. There is a lot of swearing (some bleeped out). If a character iss on a major rant, you see their lips moving, but all you hear is "bleeeeeeeeeeep!" -- so you know they're on a tear. It's actually funnier (to me) than it would be to hear them swearing!It was hard to watch this show live: I laughed so often and so hard, that I missed the next lines of dialogue (yay, DVRs and instant rewind of live TV). And the next lines are often snappy comebacks from gorgeous, biracial ex-lover and rival top ISIS spy, Lana. They are also frequently from Malory, Cyril or Pam.Archer *knows* when he's being politically incorrect -- he does it on purpose. But he also calls it like he sees it, like most of the other characters on the show. On other shows, that could be annoying, insulting, even preachy. Yet on Archer, it's hilarious. The show has a sense of humor about itself. In a way, Lana and the other characters are the Penny and Brain to Archer's Inspector Gadget -- but Archer's not a cyborg and isn't clueless and inept like Inspector Gadget. (Not to mention tons handsomer, like an animated Don Draper/John Hamm of Mad Men.) Archer is actually a highly skilled and capable spy -- a Casanova, action hero, man-child with the coolest toys and gadgets whose attitude often gets in the way, and whose escapades often result in gadgets failing or being rendered useless. Lana's got his back, but she never lets him forget it, either.Despite -- or maybe because of? -- being conscious of their political incorrectness, both Archer and the show usually have their hearts in the right place... There's more pathos than you would expect, but not for long. Archer never misses a self-serving opportunity, and never, ever misses the opportunity to take a shot at someone. Literally and figuratively, if it's wide open, Archer will take the shot -- he's incorrigible that way, like a perennial teenage boy.Archer has very distinct metrosexual qualities and -- unlike old, macho stereotypical genre heroes -- a blithely savoir faire attitude towards homosexuality. (Predating by three years the much-ballyhooed rebooted Craig Bond's "What makes you think this is my first time?" reply to villain Raoul's thigh-stroking, gay come-on, might I point out.) He's never homophobic, but he also manages to frequently make it the butt of jokes (no pun intended!). He's also extremely attractive, completely self-absorbed, a hopeless skirt-chaser, and a love 'em and leave 'em kind of guy. What else could he be, as a world-class, globe-trotting spy?Beneath his suave and cocky shell, Archer is a bundle of neuroses and somewhat arrested development. But he's open about it, with a number of coping skills that allow him to plow on through his implausible life without changing. He so often points the finger of blame for his emotional limitations at his single mother and boss/ISIS agency president Malory, that it becomes one of the tropes of the show. His manservant Woodhouse (who basically raised him while Malory was a world-class, globe-trotting female spy) is perhaps the most rational character, with dry observations and a sadly funny resignation about the way Archer uses and abuses him, completely taking him for granted (rather like a child takes a parent for granted).All in all, Season 1 introduces these hilarious characters and their bizarre "near future" present, which encompasses all of the spy, weapons, and electronics technology of the past 100 years (all of which Archer, Lana and other staff and enemies/villians inexplicably and magically know how to use). There is enough backstory for the main characters to make it interesting, but significant gaps are left to keep you guessing.The main concerns are the relations between the characters, their roles in ISIS' present day espionage missions, ongoing action including guns/weapons/hand-to-hand combat/occasional explosions and fire, getting drunk and/or getting laid, feisty rivalry between characters, the working relationships of ISIS' administrative staff, and the occasional foregrounding of the meta. Come to think of it, besides being an animated action/spy comedy, there are occasional aspects of Archer that could also qualify as workplace humor. But the vast majority of it is loving yet satirical homage to the implausible adventures of world-class spies and the agencies and support staff from whence they come.If you like adult comedy animated series (especially in the action or scifi genre) with rapid-fire, witty dialogue, and subtle rather than in-your-face humor layered in with the situation comedy, you should love Archer. If you've watched any scifi, spy, action, or supernatural live action or animated TV series in the last fifty years, there is something for you to like here. There are sometimes quite esoteric references.Just watch it. You'll probably love it. I did, and I like it more with every episode (we're on season four now).
Great story line and acting. The story line uniquely illustrates strong family morals and ethics in the same manner as &#34;The Godfather&#34;.
Truly a masterpiece of writing and acting, coming together in a visual perspective second to none! You will not go wrong watching this series!
This is worth paying for.  From what I have seen so far with this is a program directed around what most paranormal programs do not.  They go in to detail things that have taken place with unfriendly spirits.  Do hope there are many more investigations on this staffs behalf to come.  Totally watch if this area is an interest to you as it is to me.
GREAT SHOW!  I enjoy watching it over and over again. The cast is wonderful and the storylines are original.  The Wealthy can hire a &#34;Doll&#34; to be whatever they desire, for the right amount of money.  Suspenseful, action packed and great humorous quips to make you laugh.  I love Joss Whedon's creations, and this is another Gem.
Watching both sides of a legal case is awesome, but in the last minute being able to see the truth is amazing. I wish writers/creators would do this today or simply bring this show back and let us see where we would be today. Thanks for one great season!
The Troll Hunter or Trolljegeren is a Norwegian monster movie portrayed as if it is real recovered footage of a man who hunts trolls and the student journalists who follow him.  It is written and directed by Andr&eacute; vredal, a name to keep an eye on for sure.  Here is a film that works with a modest budget and takes an absolutely absurd concept and somehow forces it through as realistic a lens as possible.  Sure, it's easy now to just brush off these mokumentary movies as gimmicks, because there have been quite a few of them fromMan Bites DogtoThe Blair Witch Projectand to the more recentQuarantine(or the superior movie[Rec] that it was based on).  There have been misses of course with this method but more often than not its use has been effective in making a scenario seem more authentic and the horror of it all the more compelling and enjoyable.  I'm past believing the mokumentary set-up is hackneyed now.  It seems to me a very legitimate way of making movies seem more real, especially in an age where computerized images dominate big budget Hollywood pictures and unwittingly request that real cinephiles stretch our suspension of disbelief well beyond at least my own comfort zone.  So I'm a proponent of the possibilities of the mokumentary horror film after watching this little gem that contains all the elements to make every frame fun and believable.  It is particularly highlighted by Otto Jespersen's Hans; the film's title role.  His dead pan demeanor and casual actions in bizarrely twisted situations bring a welcome dry humor that had me chuckling regularly as I enjoyed The Troll Hunter.  Jespersen offers up a Bill Murray-like performance in a role that is clearly not written for a comedian, but is most definitely and quite potently delivered by one.  He is terrific in this movie.A group of naive student journalists sets out to track down and document a supposed bear poacher.  This is Hans (Jespersen) and he is very reluctant to respond to their inquiries about his activities.  They follow Hans all over Western Norway until they finally discover what he is really doing.  After they figure this out he lets them follow and film him as he goes about his unique occupation.  The moment when the students know for sure what Hans is really up to will test your imagination or make you laugh hysterically, or maybe even a little bit of both.  At that moment I wasn't really sure what I was watching but I knew one thing; I loved it.The natural performances by the rest of the cast are not to be overlooked.  These are talented young actors that help make the film much more than a simple one trick monster movie.  The Troll Hunter should also be commended for being shot on location in the mountains of Western Norway.  It couldn't have been an easy shoot for anyone but again it lends itself in an attempt to make an off-the-wall concept filmmable and compelling.  I suspect massive international attention for The Troll Hunter soon enough, and it deserves it.  This has cult classic written all over it.
David Baldacci is one of my favorite writers. He helped write the show. It was just on last summer and I don't know how I missed this program. It is just the kind of show I like!
If you like cooking, light hearted reality shows and rooting for the best chef this show is for you. Easy enjoyment.
It is very interesting to see how the police and the justice systems work together in another &#34;western&#34; country.  It is also a pleasure to observe really good acting by all of the characters.
Never heard of this but after watching the Zombieland pilot I did not have high hopes. Wow, I laughed a lot more than I thought I would. Witty, well acted, fantastic. Gimme more.
First time I've seen Hugh out of Canada/Alaska.  Some one must be paying him big bucks to drive a truck over these llama trails!I guess the end of the series could be set in Antarctica.
I realled liked this series and was sad to see it end.  Very interesting for sure, thrilling at times. Good work.
My nephew watches these over and over again. He loves them. I enjoyed them the first time, but beware if you get this because the young kids in your life will probably want to watch the shows multiple times.
Love this show! I highly recommend it and was glad that all of the shows were there now online where the first 5 shows were missing.
I watched this without expectations. I mean, it's not actually a Jane Austen story. It's only a mash-up by the greatest stretch of that term. And -- cue the red flags and warning lights -- it's a mini-series.At this point, I think I've watched it at least 10 times. I absolutely LOVE this story, and the characters are wonderful. The casting is sublime.I will never look at Wickham in the same way, again. This is a wonderful spin on his character. In fact, this mini-series takes liberties with most of the characters, and I thoroughly enjoyed them. Alex Kingston (River Song in Dr. Who) presents a wonderfully dimensional Mrs. Bennet. Hugh Bonneville as Mr. Bennet is charming and more sympathetic, as well.If there's any flaw in this, it's that it ended exactly where it should. While that may sound like &#34;where's the flaw...?&#34;, the fact is, I wanted to spend more time &#34;lost&#34; in Austen.Wonderful, and highly recommended for Jane Austen fans who aren't absolute purists about the sanctity of the original story.  This is an adventure for the young woman who falls into &#34;Pride and Prejudice,&#34; as well as the viewer.
Interesting turn of affairs and happy that K.T. became aware of growing up and older.  Son had an expensive car which I would have taken away from him and grounded him.
This is great I keep getting caught off guard and it forces me to pay more attention.  Just when you think you have a character figured out smack they twist and your left with how great the writers are at making the show feel so good.
Great family show. We really enjoy it. Science fiction is a family favorite. The characters are easy to relate to.
I truly hope there will be another season of this wonderful series. Season 2 explores story lines more relevant to current times, which kind of disappointed me. I liked the historical sense of each episode, feeling almost immersed in the temporal environs of a 19th century hospital.
I love Dr.Who, especially love the new Dr.Who, which I think beautifully updates the old series. Love Matt Smith. I think Tom Baker will always hold a special place in my heart, but I am always nicely newly surprised by how much I like each successive Doctor.
I really enjoyed Mr Cumberbatch as Sherlock and figured he would be good in this role.  Kept me interested and intrigued and I can not wait until I can continue with the series.  I do not know why the Brits just seem to be masters at this sort of television.
The story is getting better and better. Although the episodes can stand on their own, I recommend to see episodes of prior seasons, in order, so that you can get a full appreciation of all the characters in the story. Very entertaining for adults and older kids.
another one of my favorite shows and I love the family aspect that is used to solve these crimes.  I love the way all the actors who are family members interact with each other.  Good Job!!!
Love to see what each person can think up in terms of Make up. I love the creativity of each person and look forward to many more seasons of creativity
This was a great series & they did a good job of wrapping the story up by the end of season 2.  I still wish they had added a few more seasons.  All of the actors did a great job and the humor helped endear the characters to me.  You are never quite sure what Charlie is thinking or hiding under his ultra calm demeanor.  It is a fun watch to find out.
I have watched this throughout my life and I still adore it. I am amazed that, in one summer, a crew could accurately and exquisitely portray a classic story.  In my opinion it is the best adaptation of Jane Austen. Enjoy!
I love this show. The actors are all wonderful, even the children. Tom Selleck has always been a fav though I wish he would lighten up a little bit. The Sunday dinners are a great way for the characters to hash through their various ethical dilemmas. I can't recommend this show highly enough!
This program continues to entertain and surprise.  The interaction between Holmes and Watson never gets old.  I like the introduction of the story line invo9lving Holmes brother.  What is he up to?  This is one program I look forward to watching each week..
It does a very good job telling the story- Austen style.  It did a good job staying true to the original written story.
I have enjoyed every season . I'm not sure how much is scripted, I assume a lot of it is, but I like seeing what they can put together in that short of time.
Do you have any more movies like this one? I was instantly captivated by the graphics. Every scene throughout the movie was magnificent! I adore this movie!! I want to see more, more, more of these! Thank you for a wonderful time!
As a history nut, I always wondered why Mary, Queen of Scotland would endanger her life by going against her extremely shrewd and brilliant cousin, Elizabeth I, and claim a crown she was 4th inline for, when she was born a Queen of her own country.Now the historical record makes sense with the help of the great cast. Bashir my favourite, I love the fact that an INTELLECTUAL, OPEN MINDED BEING, is TRYING to show that PAGANS & PAGANISM are NOT evil people, doing evil deeds, nor are we DEVIL/SATAN worshipers. Christians created the concept of the devil, not the pagans.. Every religion has a few  fanatical lunatics, and I like the way the show represents those misguided, ignorant, people of that age.
This show is great!  If you love British History and seeing how everyday tasks used to be completed, then you'll really like this show.  A while back, there was also Regency House.  If you liked that, you'll like this even more, because you see how life was for the aristocrats and those in service.
I like the twists and turns. Five Corners is depicted very well. Someone did some real research when they put the sets and costumes together.
I really enjoy watching Inspector Lewis. The characters are very good, and the interaction between Inspector Lewis and Sergeant Hathaway is excellent.
Well yes we know that AMC is officially and quickly becoming the best ever provider of Drama.  MadMen is one of those Drama that will not let you down and will continue leave you wanting more.  That is the M.O. of todays best ie Breaking Bad, Walking Dead etc etc.MadMen may not be for the viewer bother by morals because you will find yourself frustrated with characters you love without any values. If you want a Time Machine back to Madison Ave. in the 60's this is the show for you!  Also if you are a marketer/business person I think there are a lot wonderful principles to learn.  All in all it's genius and you will only need a couple episodes to fall in love!  5 Stars all day long in my opinion.
Interesting characters and good dialog. The plots are always fast paced and interesting. Of course, I'm a big fan of Mary McDonnell, so I would probably watch any show she was in. But this is good entertainment.
I have enjoyed season one and only regret that season two is not on prime as yet....  I still won't pay  up to $1.99 per ep of any shows..  Maybe I have to wait another year... lol
Love the screen weighting and acting.  Love the actors and the script.  Looking forward to the next series.  Doug Tyler
I really enjoy heroes I am NOT a sci-fi fan but this was absolutely a great movie.  I am wstching it again.
This is yet another Brit TV show with real characters and great acting with a touch of humor thrown in.Lots of familiar faces in the cast including the lead actor Alan Davies who is always enjoyable.
I normally don't watch television during the week, so this was one of those shows I meant to watch, but never did.  What a shame, because it's actually very funny.  I like all the characters, even Veronica.  Everyone does a wonderful job in this one, and it's a shame that it didn't last.
Definitely my favorite seasons were seasons one through six.  The supporting cast was terrific and the story lines superb.  But what is extra special is the attention to detail and some of the sly humor (esp in the early seasons).  If you love rich settings, incredible acting, British humor and great unpredictable story lines, then you will love Poirot!
I have always loved little bear even when I was a kid. My kids are getting a little older but they still enjoy this show. To me it's a wholesome show that shows many of the lessons kids growing up go through without all the annoying songs and voices.
If you like Judi Dench, how can you not love this program?  I love how the male characters are secondary to the storyline.
This show does a good job developing its characters.  It draws you into the lives of the different people and allows a view to understand their different life perspectives.  Although it is not fast paced the mystery underneath keeps it going at an interesting level. The element of danger keeps it exciting too.
This is a very well done action film. Suburb, realistic action scenes and cinematography. Awesome depiction of the Samurai warrior caste. I usually do not get into a film with subtitles but it works here.
I have 3 boys ages 2,8,9 They all love to watch Daniel. The potty episode really helps get the message a crossed to my 2 year old. He already wanted to use it but since he saw this he goes even more.
I work in SF / Silicon Valley and have lived through many tech bubbles.  The current one we are in, fueled by mobile and social, is ripe for satire and Betas does it well!  The series does a great job of developing the characters throughout the first 11 episodes.  I was glad to see that Nash (the Indian American programmer genius) didn't fall into the usual stereotypes and that Mikki is a complicated mess of emotions created by a runaway mother (played by Sandra Oh in one superb episode).  Ed Begley Jr is hilarious as George Murchison, the CEO of the combinator that funds BRB.  Some very topical references here to the current tech scene: Valleywag, various apps, and Snapchat's house on Venice beach.  I really hope Betas gets renewed for a second season.
The Bridge is the story of The Haves and The Have Nots along the U.S./Mexico border.Outstanding acting, story lines, writing and characters make this series one not to be missed.  The fact that the producers have thought it through and gotten Hispanic actors to play Hispanic characters trumps so many others.  The Spanish, and when it comes down to it, English spoken, are right from the barrios and gutters where they are aptly used.The character development of the main detectives is a must not miss.
I had not heard much about this show which airs on FX.  Then I saw a trailer for Season 2 and felt like it was worth taking a look at the free first episode on Prime.  That's all it took!  I was a child during much of the Cold War era and this series looks at the time from an interesting perspective.  Trying to watch all of Season 1 before Season 2 starts.
I am a late comer to Justified. I never even heard of it until about two weeks ago. I joined Amazon Prime and had finished all 7 seasons of "The Closer," and was looking for something else to watch. I almost didn't pick Justified, because I normally don't like excess violence, and I just didn't think this one was my cup of tea. Boy, was I wrong. I watched the first three seasons "free," on Amazon Prime. Then, of course, I had to buy Season 4, and then I watched the entire 4 seasons over again. I am surprised I like this show so much. I think my favorite part is the language; the oh so formal phrases, which of course, is purely Appalachian.As Nicki Augustine says to Boyd, "Why do you use so many words when four would be enough?" That is so much of the charm of this series. Then there is Raylan "an emotional disaster," who keeps to himself, and yet Timothy is ever so able to portray the hurt that Raylan feels--often with the little tick in his chin. With all his toughness, he is vulnerable. I also find the relationship of Boyd and Raylan fascinating; so much alike with one taking the path of crime, and the other the path of a lawman. I can't wait for season 5; I only wish this series had more episodes. I was sorry to have finished it for the 2nd time. This is the only show I have ever watched FX series I have ever watched; I also had never read any Elmore Leonard, but have now just received "Raylan," to read.
good family show seen by 250 million people for each show at it peak.  just look at what the actresses are doing now: Phoebe tonklin in the originals with Clair holt.  both were also in vampire diaries.
Informational TV series that makes you think about all of the misguided information that has been spread throughout the century's.
Great storylines and very believable great i would recommend it to anyone over the age of 18 years and love the show
an interesting plot line.  How everyone reacts is interesting and makes you think what you would do in a massive disaster.Hope nothing like this happens but it makes you think.
This one is on a par with 'Sherlock'. It keeps you wondering and addicted. There's a lot going on and it's fun to follow. Funny and intellectual..The characters are so different. On the one hand you find yourself almost hating Louis..but then he has this very tender side. The relationship between Donna and Harvey is unusual, and Rachel is wonderful in her part with Mike. The women are knockout gorgeous and the clothes are to die for!!! I am almost at the end of the third season and i can't get enough!! Watched it all within three days holed up!!!
Fan-tastic. This is a show about terrible people being terrible, and it's hilarious and mean and perfect. Watching the characters grow into such vile monsters is a real joy. Seriously!
Great writing and story line. Should have been nominated for Golden Globe both for dramatic series and acting. Too bad :-(
Great cast writing and the stories are unique.  You can't get much better than this.  The fact that the show was on five years and never let its quality drop is outstanding.  I'll miss it
One of the best shows ever. I can't believe it  has been cancelled again. The DVD came in good condition and works well.
Can't wait for next season.
A very enjoyable action movie. Set in one of my favorite time periods of the dark ages. If you like the TV series VIKINGS, you'll enjoy this as well. You even get Rollo! Charlie Bewley is a charming leading man. Great cast. Classic story. Beautifully made. Lush Northern British landscapes! Pagans! Sword fights! A Viking Prince! A lovely damsel! Burning Christians! There's much to love here. Magic! Omens!
The American Experience is a thoughtful and well produced documentary series. The topics are well handled and are presented in an even handed way. The depth that the series presents the topics are well suited to the length of the programs (between 1 and 1.5 hours). This is a great program to choose if you wish to know more about the issues that make up who we are as Americans and where we have come from.
Elementary is a fantastic new series. It strikes a great balance of light hearted and serious. The banter between the two main characters underpins each week's story in such a way that you want to see what will happen next, but still feel a sense of closure with each week's ending. There is so much room for this series to grow; I can't wait to see where they take it for season 2.
I enjoyed season 1 and 2, but somebody hit the GO button this season. Right from the start you can tell things have changed, and it's a roller coaster ride. We love to see each episode and we hate to see each episode. The love is because the drama surrounding the environment rocks. The hate is because the emotions sometimes border on hopelessness.
I cannot wait until the next season begins. This is really a very good show with great plots and excellent acting.
I loved this show and anyone who watched it does too, bad thing though haved to wait til summer for season 4.
Enjoyed season 2 but thought the main character was starting to look a old for the part and definitely heavier.
All good things must end.  7 seasons of getting burned was probably enough... Nice job cast and crew.  OUr Hero's go off into the sunset happily ever after.
The main character has an interesting life story, that gets explained in flashbacks throughout the movie.  The plot brings him full circle in addressing his past.  The action is mostly swords and fists.  I just really enjoyed an action flick without two thirds of it being CGI.
I continue to enjoy the re-telling of fairy tales with a modern twist - fabulous scenery and special effect - love the wolf girl!
Shows the struggles that went on in the 1990's in the British Police - a real portrayal of a system that was out of dateHelen Mirren is a great actress
I have enjoyed all of the Foyle's War seasons, and recommend them to viewers who like period detective stories. Good plots, good actors, what not to watch...
I LOVE, LOVE LT. JOE KENDA.  HE HAS SUCH WIT AND GETS THEJOB DONE!!  I LOVE THE GUY WHO PLAYS HUNTER ON THESHOW.  I HOPE TO GET MORE!!
It's just too good to deal with those irritating commercial breaks. Worth the investment and then it's always available in my video library
Wow.  This series is deep, slow, gripping and memorable.  It is a step above the usual murder/detective shows.  The actors make you care for them.  This show is so intense, it is almost painful.  I recommend.
I can not wait for the second season!! If you have not seen it and liked oceans 11,burn notice, etc then get it you will like it.
I have enjoyed this series for many years.
My favorite episodes. This show is great. I can't wait to go to Alaska some day and go on one of the tours atz has.
I was living overseas for a few years where there was no Survivor television show, so I'm catching up on past seasons via Amazon. To me, every Survivor is fantastic. Jeff Probst is a great host. The challenges for reward and immunity are always engaging. I find all the talk among the tribes intriguing. And let me say that I can't tell the difference watching the HD quality from Amazon and the original HD airing of the show. Very happy with Amazon and this season is free for Prime customers.
I have been playing the game along with watching the TV series and the link between the two is inspired. As this review is about the TV series lets get into that now:The characters are interesting, the pilot episode wasn't really showing the best of the series so far as they tried to fit in a Romeo & Juliette side story and a big battle, it gets better in the 2nd episode. The characters develop quickly and the real story starts forming pretty quickly.The art style sometimes looks CG and even animated at times which when you hear it sounds like it could ruin a TV show but when you see it in practise the art works really well with the setting.
It is refreshing to see Amazon step into producing entertainment. Alpha House is a Hit series and resonates with Americans disgusted with our present political environment. Funny stuff, but unfortunately more true than we would like to believe.
I watch Revolution because of the central teen's uncle, who is a warrior, and the central teen's mother, who is deep and complicated and a slightly mysterious woman.
A powerful documentary that starts by describes the broken health system in the USA,and then talks about solutions that already exist and are implemented in various citiesin the USA.It is so tragic to realize that the most powerful country in the world does not have the means to take care of its people or rather it takes care of the people that are makingmoney out of the misery and pain of so many people.A country where pain is business, where the legal drug trade rivals anything thatillegal drug trafficking does (apart from the violence), and that it does notoffer a way out for the people.Still, as I said, there are sides to that story that are positive, individual efforts that show that there is a way out from personal health issues, only if people, companiesand the government just realize that they must cooperate with each otherfor the benefit of all, not just of bank accounts!
Wonderfully well told story and you can believe every bit of it. I watched it originally because of Sarah Bolger having been in The Spiderwick Chronicles, and I wasn't disappointed.
I like the whole process of screening a chef and have learned so much about the restaurant business. I also like Ann in this series. She is more of a mentor and coach and seems to care about the chefs as well as the owners. She shows a tad bit of softness which I like.
All the cast is good. They play their parts so realistically I think they make the show the best of the spy series. Also they are very good looking, both guys and girls.
The Deadwood star has once more given us a striking performance. The Elmore Leonard based series has assembled an outstanding cast that obviously enjoys working together. Besides, it's worth watching just for Olyphant's walk.
This is a great crime dramedy featuring Nathan Fillion who we all know from Firefly! If you're old enough to remember, I have to liken Castle to a blend of &#34;Moon Lighting&#34;, &#34;Columbo&#34;, and &#34;Murder She Wrote&#34;. I am now officially in mourning however as we're flying through the seasons. My wife and I tend to watch a few episodes a day and before we know it, we'll be caught up and stuck waiting a week for each new episode! ACK!!!!  This is definitely the worst issue when it comes to finding shows that have been on for a few seasons when you discover them.  You become spoiled watching several episodes in a sitting and when you catch up and are forced to wait a whole week (or more) for a new episode... ugg!The 30 second gist of the show is that Fillion is a crime writer who gets connected with an attractive detective and manages to convince the mayor (who Castle is friends with) that he should have unrestricted access to follow her around for inspiration. He's also a huge asset to the NYPD with his understanding of criminal behavior etc. Fillion is great and there is lots of comic relief surrounding the central murder plot so it's not a real downer to watch. Season five continues to refine the chemistry between Beckett and Castle and their relationship is always in flux with lots of tension and humor. For the most part, you can jump around between episodes and not watch them in order. It seems that there are usually 4 or 5 episodes in each season that move the greater story arc plot along. The other shows, while equally fantastic, focus elusively on the murder of the day and not Becket or Castle's past.  This season is no exception to the rule and there are some major developments in the primary story arc.As of the time of this writing, they are into Season 6. We just started watching about two months ago, ripped through season 1 - 4 and just wrapped up 5. Owning them on Amazon is the way to go, commercial free and easy to watch on pretty much any internet connected device, not to mention binge watching multiple episodes back to back makes for nice unwind time after the kids are fast asleep! Long live Castle! :)
Talk about sibling rivalry to the max! This was a funny movie that lets you see that sibling rivalry does not always fade with time and age. Through a series of events, these two brothers battle it out to see who can win. While much of the movie is tongue-in-cheek, you can also see that the brothers do learn a few things along the way as well. While I did not know whether I would like this movie at first, I found the movie to be downright funny and the acting to be of high quality. If you are looking for a fun evening that you will not soon forget, this is definitely the movie for you!
I watched this seaon in a week, and even today, I'm wondering when there will be more. I love the depth of conflict and intrigue that continues to develop between the characters, and Matt Bomer is just so pretty.
I ENJOYED THE MOVIE IT HELD MY INTEREST IT HAD A LOT OF ACTION. THE ACTORS PLAYED THERE ROLLS VERY WELL AND ARE VERY GOOD LOKING.
I love this show. It is refreshing and has just enough drama that the whole family can watch with some limitations for younger children. It is fun and a nice take on all the fairy tales and their characters.
Jax and the MC are under greater pressure than ever as everyone's plots interfere with one another leading to what will surely be a truly cataclysmic disaster.
I&#8217;ve heard about these guys all my life but never really knew their stories!  Great information and it&#8217;s done so well!  It&#8217;s like watching a made for TV mini series!
One of the greats modern sci fi dramas ever.  It makes you reexamine your own humanity and what it means to be &#34;alive&#34;.
Great show.  Great acting.  Great scenarios and story lines.  Always a lot of fun.  Will be sorry when I'm at the end of the series.  Luckily still have a a couple seasons left.
There is always a twist.  Vera is a dogmatic inspector with a very sharp brain.  I anxiously anticipate Season 3.
Shaun Evans is excellent as DC Morse, the only thing I would like to see is that the drinking does not get to be so prominent.I would not want to miss one episode of this series.  The show would not be the same without DI Fred Thursday, I love his character and the way in which the actor, Roger Allam, brings it to life. PC Strange is also terrific and I really enjoy the unspoken bond/support between him and Morse.  This series does not show a lot of violence or horrific scenes but rather leans towards an intelligent story, an intriguing plot, good human relationships and weaknesses in human behaviour all the while keeping one glued to the screen.I am very much looking forward to the next episode.
COOL PREMISE, HAVE BEEN WATCHING SINCE SEASON ONE, A LOT OF UNEXPECTED TWISTS AND TURNS AND SOME UNUSUAL CHARACTER EVOLUTIONS
All time favorite show- one episode and you are hooked !  best to watch from season 1 so you understand it all. and Darryl Dixon yumm  &#60;3  :p
This movie was very moving. Even more so if this had been your life as a child. I felt for the sisters...the young actresses did a great job in their portrayal of what happens when children are subjected and are systematically abused themselves. I read about the real case and as much as it breaks my heart.....I didn't read about one adult who took responsibility for these kids. What is more shocking was because they were gifted students they found their own solution to their situation. Problem was....if they had ended up prostitutes or crack moms our society would have supported them. However, they were kids and nobody that they turned to helped. Yes, there are those in worse situations but the human mind can only tolerate so much each according to what we can handle. What was amazing was how callous these kids were, even those who helped who were in stable homes. However when one considers how they grew up....you can understand how they no longer cared for their mother and planning her death became a game. No young person should be responsible for the bathing of an adult who has vomited all over themselves due to alcoholism. Watch the movie and judge for yourself. Who really is to blame here? Did society really do the right thing by sending these girls to jail when they asked for help??? Would mom have gone to jail if one of the girls had taken her own life after being sexually abused. I can tell you from experience.....we let adults get away with murder and yet children are punished for actions that were created by the adults themselves.
this is a facinating story about the vikings government and how the vikings entered europe and took monks for slaves. It is well written and exciting to follow the family that defies the Viking King and proves him wrong about going east to England which the King said was impossible and a waste of time.
If you're wondering if you should &#34;Give it a go&#34; I definitely recommend that you do. I watched the whole season in a day and a half, it was great! I love the dark humor that the show delivers. Billy Bob Thornton is a very good, bad, bad man. I found myself laughing at his parts most of all.It was a great story that kept me engaged the whole time and kept me wanting to start the next episode right away. I'm always excited when I find a show like this, the only bad thing is when it's over. And 10 episodes goes by rather quickly but it is a great ride.On a plus note You do not need to be familiar with the movie to enjoy this. In fact, I wish I hadn't seen the movie before watching this. As I think the movie actors had a little bit better accents &#34;Yah know&#34;. Plus I was always mentally comparing scenes from the movie to the show. It was kind of distracting but not that bad.At the end of the day I wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone who likes dark comedy/drama's it's a win-win.Thanks for reading!PS You'd better call Saul :)
This is another show that breaks from the norm and sets a new standard for a show that is different in so many ways.  Season 2 lives up to the standards set by Season 1.  The bad guys in this show is balanced nicely with the good guys.  Even the main character-Regina, trying to change for her step-son.  Highly recommended show.
Very good movie that in some ways reminded me of Wall Street, but with an added plot twist that made the main character more desperate. That plot twist is Gere attempting to cover up a car crash that kills a woman in his car. You can feel his fear as he try's to pull of a deal to save his empire while covering up. Well done.
My husband and I love this show.  These guys are always into crazy things.  Another good show is Broad City.  It comes on after Workaholics!
A learning experience that otherwise I would not have known. Too bad you can not give your reason for your rating in a short concise manner!
I love how this show has cute little memorable songs that help kids remember the right thing to do and to reassure them for common situations like eating new foods, going potty, sharing, saying goodbye to parents, disagreeing with friends and more.
Really exciting, fast moving show, and Raylan is so darn good looking. Can't wait to watch each new show. Great series
This film is dead on.  Anyone who goes to the doctor, whether they have health insurance or not, should be concerned about health care in the United States. It's purpose is not to improve the general health of American citizens, but to micromanage diseases with expensive drugs or procedures.Since viewing this movie, I've thought about my past experience with medical providers, and I have cause to wonder why I was prescribed medications, why I underwent procedures that I might not have needed, and why so many expensive tests are performed when they weren't necessary. Last week, I had to undergo tests in order to gain access to a specialist. You can't even have a conversation with a specialized doctor unless you pay for the test first!  That makes absolutely no sense.One of the subjects in this film has over a dozen stents, which, come to find out, she didn't even need, but now has to live with for the rest of her life. It made me think about my mom, who also had over a dozen stents, and was at her primary care office several times every week since one appointment could only last a maximum of 15 minutes. My mom went through two bouts of breast cancer. The second time, she developed an infection that almost killed her.I want to thank those who participated in making this movie.
Great casting, super chemistry between the characters, lovable but immature rookie cops working to proof themselves and lots of romantic relationships going on between the cops in district 15 while they successfully solve the crime of the day.
I'm not a sports person, but I do love the fact that people love games. Such innocence! Such fascination! (See Fr. Schall for how watching a game is a foretaste of the fascination of Heaven). There is a lot more to sports than sports, if you catch my drift. And the whole tale of knuckleball, what it is, how it has lifted players up and cast them down, is worth a look. Your husband will probably love it. But non-sports oriented wives too!
Great series! My wife and I are loving every moment of the show!
I don't know why I should rate these - but I bought a season pass - and each episode is good to me, because I like this show. I also purchased the first season.  No particular episode is better to me than another - I happen to like them all.
I like this show because there is suspense, action, lots of twists, and they keep the violence to a minimum! Really good ensemble cast, really good acting just a great show!
This show is always funny! You should always watch it, especially if you know lots of annoying hipster people, or used to be one. People that live in trendy areas and won't stop it with the pop culture, following trends, watching, reading, listening to, and discussing every freaking thing until you think your brain will explode, and then you'll kill them, and end up on DATELINE: A special report.What? Just kidding! Maybe you'll just become a writer and write an ironic fiction book about it, which all the hipsters will discuss, and read, and blog about it. Which is so annoying. Which is what this show makes fun of. But it's not cool to make fun of people, because that's not very PC. But that's another episode of this show.
I am a huge survivor fan. This wasn't my favorite season but it does have some of my old favorites back on it. There is the same scheming and maneuvering going on. Boston Rob is on so how can this not be great!
The first season of Teen Wolf is exciting and humorous as the characters enter into a world they didn't believe existed. There is danger, love, and a surprise twist that you won't see coming, not to mention a shirtless montage in the special features. I would definitely recommend this series to anyone that loves werewolves or want to get a few laughs mixed in with the danger. Also, this series is not affiliated with the original eighties movie with the same title and follows a completely different story line.
I chose that rating because it is very sad that a person has such a problem.  Now if my house gets messed up once in a while, I don't feel bad. Ha!
Very lively and fun for the whole family. I don't mean to sound like an advertisement, but it really does bring on the smiles and giggles.
Once Upon a Time has become the most original and moving fantasy on television, reinterpreting the old fairy tales yet remaining true to their message of hope, courage and grace under pressure. The residents of Storybrooke Maine are fairytale characters who have been enchanted and transported into our world with no memory of their lives in the Enchanted Forest. Emma Swann, daughter of Snow and Charming was sent away before the curse struck so she could fulfill her destiny of breaking the curse. The first season alternates between the present in Storyville and the past in the Enchanted Forest, retelling all of the tales that we love so much.In the second season, the curse is broken, but a new curse has taken its place, trapping the residents of Storyville, with their memories, but unable to leave. Snow and her daughter Emma are now trapped in the Enchanted Forest looking for a way back to Storyville and a way to break the curse. In this episode, Rumpelstiltskin and his past are under the microscope. Just how did Rumpel become the dark one and why did he trap the residents of Storyville again just as the curse of Regina was lifted. The answers may surprise you but they will always delight. A wonderful backstory for a classic villain. Captain Hook makes an appearance as well and we finally learn just how the crocodile got his hand.Watch Once Upon a Time, start with the first season and keep going as this reinvention of the classic tales is enchanting, well written, well acted and all of the production values are superb. In particular, the costumer and set designer must be having a field day of fun. Just wonderful.
The 2 boys....their relationship....and the story lines. I just wish there were a few more shirtless scenes. Why hide those bodies with so much clothing?
Great show, and a great picture to go with it! I have loved this show for so many years, thanks for offering it so I could catch up.
I watched this today and loved it! The lead actor has been in so many good sci-fi movies. It's just really fantastic. I've not been this excited about a show in a while. I wish it was a little less violent but given the plot it would be pretty hard not to be. I am hoping this is on the same level as Battlestar Galactica in so far as quality and character and plot. Crossing my fingers! The pilot was wonderful. The casting was fantastic.
This season was a tide turner for the show. It was non-stop suspense from the beginning. The return of the Governor was hopeful for while, but he of course was back to his old self real soon. Thanks for the great season.
I am so disappointed with television. A show like this with so many options with the characters, story lines and they just stop it.Very sad that there wasn't another season to see where things opened up more, but I am so happy I found at least this tid-bit of entertainment.
Love Oxford and all the characters, especially Lewis. I suffer from Anglophileness. Plots are fun and interesting. The way that culture and the classics are woven into the plot is a special treat. Music is wonderful.
Love the creative story line! Very entertaining. The only thing I don't like is that it can be a little gory.
I won't repeat what others already say, but this is a terrific movie and had some nice unexpected twists. Great directing and acting.
Good clean show that canmake me laugh and get involved in the suspense at the same time. Have even gone back to watch over certain shows.
This show never gets old. Even after 6 seasons the gang still comes up with fresh, funny, and downright hilarious content.
The acting is superb and the plots are intriguing and realistic.  This is an excellent program and I highly endorse it.
I was impressed that so much of the Kennedy's family history was included. However, they never mentioned Ted or his story.
I love it. The visual presentations are spectacular and the explanations are down to earth enough for anyone to understand. I've always loved Astronomy, but most of the books I've tried to read are so technical that I gave up after a while. This series brings it close in an understandable and entertaining format.
i love drop dead diva because it it is serious but still fun and funny. i like the fact that she's an adult but yet this total girly girl.
This is one of the best shows ever written it is crazy funny. I have watched this series since day one. I have never been disappointed. It just makes you laugh..
A program that is well done and keeps you thinking! I highly recommend this for great period sets and entertainment
I was pleasantly surprised. This is a suspenseful series with good acting,interesting, twisting double line plots. Now I don't miss it.
This is a very entertaining series with a story line that is complex enough to occupy the mind.  Raylan gets away with too many close calls but that is okay, it is entertainment.  Caution though, they will charge you for the final season.
David Suchet is the classic Poirot. Amazon instant video for Prime subscribers is the easiest delivery system. Amazon has difficulty streaming at times, but the inconvenience is minimal.
I so enjoyed this series.  The costumes were awesome!  The main theme behind the story is the cost of progress and how it affects the lives of a town.  I loved every single character and loved the surprise ending.  I haven't read the books but now I am going to.
A little miffed that season 5 was released in 2 parts, which took a lot more coin from my pocket, but this is definitely a top show.As with Shameless and few others, you can't stop watching, and lose track of time when you do. That's my yardstick.
Can't believe it took me so long to watch Justified. I watched all the seasons back to back because I couldn't stop. It's addictive!
It's always interesting to see the different things that are brought in to the pawn shop.  Rick and his family are so knowledgeable about most of the items brought in.  When they're unfamiliar with something they bring in an expert.  Sometimes it feels like a history lesson.  Love it !
I am into season four, and I still thing it is one of the funniest shows on TV. Unfortunately, I do not have cable TV, so this is my only opportunity to see the show. Thank you Amazon.If you are a Betty White fan, you have to watch this series. At 90 years old she still is a spunky as ever. While the rest of the cast is excellent, Betty steals the show.
"Life Itself" is a celebration of movies and a man who devoted his life to sharing his insight and passion for moving pictures. It's a movie filled with humor and quite a bit of sadness and bittersweetness. My only complaint is that I wish it were longer and had spent more time on Ebert's interactions with filmmakers, debates with Siskel, interviews conducted by Ebert, etc. It would have been nice to see some footage of the film seminars he conducted in Boulder in which he would analyze a classic film almost frame by frame.The film spends a lot of time on his illness/dying, and while I understand this is important stuff, I found it, mostly for personal reasons, close to unbearable. I've been through some recent family deaths and it was hitting too close to home. I wanted more movies and less tragedy. I did find Ebert's Buddha-like approach to death quite moving.I met Roger Ebert once. It was in New York City during the early 80s shortly after he and Gene Siskel had done a special edition of their show highly critical of slasher flicks in which young people always seem to get horribly killed during or just after sex. I asked him how he, the screenwriter of Russ Meyer's very gory "Beyond The Valley Of The Dolls," could possibly pan a genre of film making that he had been a contributor to. What was the difference between his bloody exploitation flick and the ones he was condemning? His response was short and sweet. "The difference? Mine was good."
I watched X-Files and loved it.  Until the end.  Kinda dropped the ball on the back story. The individual stories were much more interesting and fun to watch. But this show The After definitely has that Chris Carter feel to it.  I just hope he doesn't layer the mysteries so deep that in the end you get too much dumped on you because the writer(s) ran out of time with the series.  So far so good. Very entertaining. Please continue the series.  I can't wait to see more.  And for those of you who are so offended by the language and the ADULT content...watch Animal Planet or Disney Channel.
Without a doubt, Shawn Spencer is the public's favorite fake fictional psychic detective. Of course as far as I know, he's also the only one.But that doesn't stop the second season of "Psych" from being a rollicking good time, full of crazy schemes and baffling murder mysteries. James Roday and Dul&eacute; Hill actually become even more entertaining, with less slapstick and more of a reliance on eccentric plot twists, pop culture references, and crimes that get ever weirder.Shawn (Roday) and Gus (Hill) get swamped by reality pop culture when American Duos comes to Santa Barbara. The cruel British judge Nigel St. Nigel (Tim Curry) hires them to protect him, because he thinks that someone is trying to kill him.A live wire and a poisoned sandwich later, Shawn agrees -- especially when a drugged-out female judge almost dies. But out of all the people who loathe Nigel, which one tried to kill him? Then the police suspect that Shawn has lost his touch when he announces that someone was killed by a dinosaur, and is confronted by a sexy FTD psychic.But that isn't the last or least of Sean and Gus's problems -- a chop shop with secrets, bounty hunters, Gus's parents accused of Yuletide murder, jockey deaths and fixed races, nanny-related robberies, electrocutions on the catwalk, and going undercover at a telenovela, a school for the gifted, and a retirement community. They even have a run-in with a wealthy, crazy woman that Gus drunkenly married on spring break years ago... and it turns out her new fiancee is a bit shady.Finally, Shawn and Gus are pursuing one of their weirdest cases ever. First a security guard is suspected of stealing a 3000-year-old mummy -- but then it appears that the mummy actually murdered the guard. Can Shawn figure out what is going on -- with the mummy murder, the police chief, and his oddly-behaving father?Although it didn't break much new ground, the first season of "Psych" was very fresh and entertaining TV. Fortunately creator Steve Franks is sticking to the old adage: "If it ain't broke, don't fix it," and the second season doesn't deviate from what works -- there's still lots of comedy, spoofery, silly dialogue ("It's spontaneous psychic krav maga!") and enjoyable mysteries.The first episode kicks things off a bit weakly, since the "American Idol" joke gets stretched out too far. Fortunately the mysteries after that get much more solid, deftly juggling even the funny-sounding plot twists (strangulation by mummy bandage? Refrigeration trucks?). You even get an endless parade of pop culture references, from Michael Jackson to "Shaun of the Dead," James Bond to wikipedia.com. Gotta love that.But the best aspect of "Psych" continues to be its kooky dialogue. Usually Shawn provides it ("I hunger for the meatballs the way a jackal salivates for an injured possum"), but other characters get to as well ("Hola. Me llamo Inspector Carlton Lassiter. Me gusta queso").Shawn and Gus remain an entertaining pair of twentysomething everymen, with Roday continuing to be eccentric, lovably charming and kooky -- although Shawn gets quite a shock in the cliffhanger ending. And Hill gets more attention, with Gus pursuing models and faking psychic powers. We even discover a secret past involving sweater vests, spring break, and a drunken wedding -- lots of fun.And the supporting cast remains solid -- Corbin Bernsen gets to participate in a couple of the cases as Shawn's hard-nosed dad, sometimes in loud tropical shirts. Timothy Omundson continues to be entertaining as harder-nosed cop Lassiter. And Maggie Lawson rounds off the cast as the "enigma wrapped in a little blonde riddle" who is Shawn's love interest, as well as a counterpoint to Lassiter.The second season of "Psych" continues the eccentric crimes and equally odd crimesolvers, mingling comedy and mystery with only a couple weak spots. Sweet black licorice!
If you don't keep up with each and every episode ... you totally lose the whole spectrum of what is going on in this series ... but I am hooked !
Jason Statham and Agata Buzek are terrific in this beautifully filmed neo-noir piece.  Redemption has the nuanced pace of an art house film, and contrasts the sleek impersonality of modern London with the casual brutality of the denizens of the underworld.Agata Buzek is a wonder, alternately funny, wry and poignant, while Statham morphs from hapless bum to ne'er-do-well thug to a man with a mission, keeping the viewer firmly on his side as he struggles to be a good man in bad circumstances.The immediate surprise of Redemption is how utterly charming Buzek and Statham are in their roles, with a spark reminiscent of old Hollywood classics.If you're a fan of modern noir like The Beat That Skipped My Heart, Read My Lips and Don't Tempt Me then this is a film for you.
The always watchable Simon Baker is absolutely captivating, having found a riveting character to portray, with an excellent supporting cast.
My Grand daughters introduced it to me they love it, and I do to we watched all three Seasons and have started over they are 11 and 13 it is G rated and we appreciate that.  Thank you for it  we would like more shows like this.
I really enjoyed this show. Can't wait till the next season is put on prime so I can see what happens next.
One of the best horror films made during that era. Truly one to watch late at night alone, in the dark!
Another tv show that didnt last long enough and was fun to watch. Yet crap like Survivor and House Whores of Beverly Hills go on for years and years. Our society is doomed.
What a tease, only season 1?  My kids are hooked, now we're watching rescue rangers! Love all the old Disney shows, so much better than the new format of &#34;learning&#34; shows.
I love this series ... maybe they producers could re-kindle it as an Internet only series.The pilot sets the tone for the remaining episodes in the season.  Bridget is tricked into believing that Siobhan has taken her own life by drowning.
I love the little dectective.  I have enjoyed all of thisw series.  It is not filled with words I do not want my grandchildren to hear and use.  It doesn't have a lot of violence and sexual scenes.
This show had quirkiness, romance and some serious law cases that were interesting to see how they would come out!
Once you have watched the first three seasons, this 4th season is a must.  The relationships & dynamics continues along with the character's complicated relationships that is so fun to watch.
i just can't believe they cancelled this show.  it was so groundbreaking and funny.  every episode was new and original.  the writers should win awards.
From the moment that this movie begins, it is interesting. The characters, setting and plot are exciting, believable and moving. I want to see more.
Unlike Dexter, this writing team gets it!  The story is arcing and arcing quick to a plausible situation.  Drama and moments I expect the story to be in while in Season 2.5 Stars!
Love the show, always have.  Wish they'd put more seasons on Prime.  This season has a couple of annoying players, but still a great watch!
I just love this show.  The dialog is snappy, engaging and filled with wit.  The characters are a bit over the top, but HEY this is television.
Everyday when I got home from school I watched schoolhouse rock. It amazes me how many of the songs I remember. Kids today should have a look at these.
This movie is outstanding!  It's intense, and terrible things happen, but the story and the actors are all amazing.  I've been wanting to see Anton Yelchin in something else ever since seeing him in "Taken", and I was really impressed by his role in this film.  I also wanted to see Kristen Stewart in something else, and I watched this one and another one she was in, and I'm extremely impressed with her.  I expected another Bella, but in both movies, she was totally different. I don't know what it is, how some actors can be so many different characters so convincingly.  some are basically the same all the time, but not these two extremely fine actors! Everyone in this movie played their roles to perfection, and I highly recommend it.
I love this program; it shows all different kinds of crimes people commit and how law enforcement finds the perpetrators, as well as the officers sacrifices on behalf of the public they protect.
More please!  I loved the random nudity (like in real life), and the character's messy lives.  Please keep this on as a season.  It is excellent!
Maybe we really don't need more cop shows, but we absolutely need more Bosch.  Titus Welliver seems like he was made for this part; everything else he's ever done, including numerous cops, has led him to this role and it fills out the suit of Harry Bosch to perfection.  The storyline was compelling and avoids the &#34;case of the day&#34; plot in favor of a broader, likely season long investigation. We only get the opening chapter in the story, but I desperately want to see where this is all headed.  This would make my much watch list instantly.
The storyline of &#34;Continuum,&#34; which recently finished its second season, is intriguing and timely. In the year 2077, corporations govern the world. In just one of the many implications of that, if you fail to pay debts three times, your status as a citizen is revoked, a chip is implanted in your brain, and you become an automaton, a slave in a factory.A resistance movement develops. The leaders are all condemned to death, but they rig it so that they're transported back in time to 2012, instead, so they can try to change the course of history and stop corporations from taking over the world.Shades of the Occupy movement, Brave New World, a lot of cool tech that, like all tech, has benefits and downsides (where Google Glass could go, for instance), and well-cast actors, most of whom are inordinately attractive and none of whom are likely to win Emmys. But it's interesting when it's about ideas rather than just &#34;action&#34; and one of the best SF series that have come along in quite a while.
Sons of Anarchy has been one of my top five favorites for the past five years.  After season four, I was a little worried about the show, but it came back and slammed it in season five.  Absolutely cannot wait for each weekly episode.  If you've never watched this, you are missing out!!
A+++ to both this show AND to Amazon for offering it. The first 3 episodes were free to watch online via Fox and another TV show site, but starting with ep 4, you had to be a cable subscriber with a very limited number of cable providers in order to view them on the official website or upgrade your account on the TV watching site.Every episode so far has been full of twists and turns and KB is excellent in the main role. Ep 4 was probably the least interesting episode to date, but I think it was setting the stage for some pretty big surprises moving forward. I look forward to Mondays now!
Very well done film, true to the spirit of the Bigfoot lore, with enough frights to make it fun. Good actors and good spooky action. A must watch for any Squatch fan.
Oh my gosh, This is going to be good that's all I can say. It seems the writers are doing a great job at getting things all twisted up right from go and I can't wait to see how all of this comes together. Great job guys...damn I  love this show.
Of course I had to buy this particular episode. 300th episode. I've watched the show from day one and remembered the case without even having to watch the original episode.
Full of action.  Characters are easy to understand and plot is always outstanding.  Hope this show goes on for a long time
One of the best medical shows ever put on TV!  They always have something new every season, they don't just keep repeating the same stuff.  The actors can really act!  I'm just in love with the show!!!
I am SO hooked! James Spader is so under-rated! He is more mysterious yet convincing in every episode. The whole cast is truly my favorite and every week I am waiting anxiously for the next episode. I LOVE THIS SERIES!!!!!
Don't let the 1998 release date put you off, it's still wonderful.In pre-war London, Inspector Tyburn, following his conscience kills a child murder, who hails from the ruling classes, and is demoted to colonial East Africa as punishment.Constantly hounded by a martinet of a superior and shocked by the decadence of the expatriate colony which conducts itself like a feudal elite in Kenya, he nevertheless carves a niche for himself among the native policemen he trains up and the people he encounters, eventually winning the love of a beautiful aviatrix, played by the lovely Suzannah Harker. Trevor Eve, who can often be insufferable, is perfect here: wise, bemused,thoughtful and fair.It is a marvelous period piece but it also reflects the best values of the era it was written in, the 1990's, though its political correctness is never strident but gentle and respectful both of the native peoples and of human foibles in general.Not to be missed.
Like HBO's "Deadwood" series, "Californication" defies viewers to look beyond the obvious, coarse provocations that frame the show and look into the souls of its characters. In this case, it's egregious swearing, brazen sexuality and occasional drug use that are thrown at the audience, in this rough-and-tumble portrait of Hank Moody, a bad-boy boho novelist who's made it to Hollywood only to lose his moral compass, and his marriage as well.Although the Moody character seems a little forced -- he's a two-fisted, heavy drinking thinking man's roughneck who sleeps with any gal that pauses long enough to make eye contact -- actor David Duchovny invests the character with unexpected nuances and depth, and turns in a fine performance all around. Indeed, viewers like myself, who thought he was kind of a dud as Agent Mulder (in "The X-Files") will be pleasantly surprised to find what a clever, funny performer he actually can be. Likewise, this show will sweep you up and ensnare you in its ribald humor, jaw-dropping outrageousness and intelligent writing. There's great dialog, plenty of hot monkey love, a de rigeur skewering of vapid LA culture, and a delicious, fast-paced soap opera scandal that will get you squirming in your seat. Yummy fun! (Joe Sixpack, Slipcue film reviews)
I put off watching this show even though my kid told me it was addictive....this show had me hooked from the beginning
What is better then getting season 5 less then a week before season 6 is going to start. This gives you just a few days to rewatch the season before the new one starts. I think they should release it at least 3 weeks before.
This is a great series.  The acting is superb!  The plot develops at a great pace w/o holes or overlaps.
This show hits all the right notes.  Each character is unique, eccentric yet lovable.  The humor is quirky and we particularly like trying to acquaint our ear with the Welsh accent.
One of the best HBO shows I have seen!  I was so disappointed when the end came and I now have to wait for more.  At least I hope there is more...there has to be.  You won't be sorry with this one.
Losing key characters has been a real heartbreaker for us diehard GA fans. Although the show has turned somewhat darker, the acting and character interaction is as mesmerizing as ever. I don't know how much longer the show will continue, but I will continue to watch with all the sadness and joy this wonderful show always brings.
Made for younger crowds but still cute enough to watch with the kids without getting bored.  Shawn the sheep is still my favorite.
how horrendous that such cruelty and depraved indifference not only occurred BUT was then perpetrated again and is still happening in the world. We will never know the gifts to humanity that were destroyed there.....the brilliant minds, the spectacular voices, the symphonies unwritten, the cures not found....it reminds me of the holocaust of abortion here in the U.S.
I hope they continue to make more. The pace and acting is great, I also love the plot lines. They aren't the usual cookie cutter stories hollywood turns out, these actually have depth, the characters also have depth. Clearly the fans love it to put up the money to make it. Maybe now some smart producer/director/studio will see the wisdom of developing stories for Amazon. This is the first time I've heard of a film being made to order for fans, and I hope it's not the last.
Anyone wanting to know about the Kennedy Clan and it's illustrious history must watch this miniseries.. Every actor.. Every single person in this series is the best in his or her craft..! no Question that this is as good as it gets.
Great Family entertainment. This show is always funny and keeps the humor clean.
Unending action and he has a county full of great people and ideas of some bad concoction to make money the wrong way
Such an interesting documentary. I loved seeing the voices and skills it takes to make some of my favorite characters come to life. It is a must see for any cartoon lover or person that loves the entertainment industry.
Excellent show, with raw action. I honestly could not stop watching until I had finished the whole Season. Starting on Season 4 today!
We love all seasons of Tosh.  They only get better as he grows as a comedian.  The video ideas are brilliant
I chose 5 stars because I love this show and will choose it over almost any other shows I have recorded. A new Bones might be the possible exception. I enjoy the historical references and the imagination of whoever comes up with the artifact ideas. I'm not a sitcom humor sort of person but these characters are funny in a believable way as you get to know their characters. There are twists that keep you from guessing the ending.
Found this series to be interesting enough to watch all three seasons so far. A good show for the hunters and fishers out there!
hopefully this one continues, great show. i don't like having to type a required amount of words for these reviews!
More of Dance Moms.  ;)  Don't take it too seriously.  Kelly, if you thought your kids were being abused, what took you so long to sue?
my three year old grandson ordered this on my kindle without my knowledge (yes, he is THREE years old).  he loves this show and it kept him busy while we were waiting in the doctors office.  he was pre-occupied enough to not be noisy or rowdy.
Even though the actual math is beyond her, she loved the music and calling out the numbers!  I personally liked the fact that it wasn't another show with all "white" characters.
This was a fast paced show that kept our interest. It has a feel similar to &#34;The Walking Dead&#34;. We are hoping that this one gets picked up so we can see how it turns out.
I'm really enjoying this series.  I wish I found it sooner than now.  It's an interesting perspective on what would happen if life changed as we know it.  Will we remain civil or go into anarchy?
I bought Season 1 and got my husband hooked.  He finished Season 1 with a WOW I could hear two rooms away! Since,  he's watched 2, and sometime 3  segments.  We're ready to finish the series and cannot wait or the release of Season 3.  I cannot say enough about the quality of the acting; ALL the cast does their job and with superior craft.  WELL DONE!
I watched season 3, but I was afraid the show was declining.  Season 4 has really been good though and brought back everything I love about this zombie show.
My husband and I love this series. We started it on Netflix during the Olympics and finished it on amazon prime in about a week. We are ready for new episode tonight on the cw. The series kinda reminds you of batman, but it's still very good!
enuff said, enuff said,enuff said, enuff said, oh and the sexy blond wife, well, every man should have one like her.
GREAT ACTING...GREAT WRITING...GREAT CHARACTERS...I CAN NEVER GET ENOUGH OF JUSTIFIED...I'M HOOKED. RAYLAN IS THE COOLEST CHARACTER ON TV...OH, AND I HATE THE MINIMUM WORD REQUIREMENT ON THESE POSTS WHICH IS WHY I IGNORE THEM MOST OF THE TIME.
I love the amazing race, the drama, the adventure, the excitement.  I love he places they go.  There are always teams I love and ones I hate.  I strongly dislike those that are disrespectful of other cultures.
I certainly hope Amazon picks up this original gem for full production.  Great cast and a great subject that isn't the typical dr./cop/lawyer shows that dominate drama on networkd tv.  I already feel invested in the characters after one show.
I liked all of the actors portraying their different characters in the seasons.  Good acting really.  I was pleased with the series ending.
I was so pleased this was available streaming as the show was being broadcast ( No HBO wait for Boardwalk Empire) and was caught up into the story quickly. I really like the female detective with her asburger? syndrome. I am waiting to see Ep 4. Love the show.
Thank you amazon for bringing this one to prime.  Keep up good content like this (and your original stuff too) and I'll keep happily paying for prime.The Americans is great because for once, you're rooting for the &#34;bad&#34; guys, the Russians!  It's a nice twist on the other side of what is normally portrayed.
You cannot go wrong with Once Upon a Time. This season is full of adventure just like the last 2 seasons, and the series is a favorite of mine!
This is the show that other pawn like shows should be measured. After all the time that has past, it is still entertaining and enjoyable.
It has been fun to watch the show takes place in Oregon I love that because gives me chance to see parts of  my home
I really enjoy watching Teen Wolf but missed an episode that explained what was happening in the current episode. I'm now able to follow this storyline a lot better.
I have been a huge fan of "Person of Interest" since the first episode.  The cast and writers deserve credit for creating great characters in a show that is a perfect blend of action, suspense and humor.I was disappointed to find out that CBS had moved the show to another night and at a later time (10:00 PM) this year.  Thankfully, the production studio for POI has FINALLY agreed to allow viewers to watch instantly and purchase episodes through Amazon Instant Video.  I will happily pay $1.99 per episode to watch the show when I am fully awake...and with NO commercials!  Thank you Amazon for making this possible.Anyone who has not yet watched this show: don't hesitate to check it out.  Now that all three seasons are available through Amazon, either on DVD or instant viewing, you can start with season one and get caught up.
I can not wait until more episodes are available.  I love the combination of sci-fi, drama, and adventure.  What a good series that I really enjoy.
The only thing I have to say is that I wish there had been more. While it does tie itself off in the end. It's one of those shows, that for me, if there was 20 seasons. I wouldn't have wanted it to end.
This series is the best I've seen in a long time and would highly recommend it to my family and friends.  Great acting a good story.
This show has it all; good acting, great storytelling, and leaves the viewer wanting more, more, more!  I hope the producers can give the viewers a Season 2, at least.
This show was such a cute surprise for me who is not a &#34;hunting for sport&#34; advocate.  This did give me insight into families that do such a thing along with their values and their points of view.  Love the characters & family dynamics.
I just love this show. The humor was great and the characters are also very good. I recommend this show if you want to laugh a lot.
i haven't followed james spader's tv career although i did follow his early movie career.  he, of course, looks much different from those days when he was the handsome young man starring in SEX, LIES AND VIDEOTAPE.  i can now see it was a mistake not to see him on tv because he is simply terrific. he is an older man, a master at spycraft and warfare. one day he shows up at the FBI building in washington DC.  he tells them that he is crossing over to them with only one condition, a new young woman agent who is reporting to work that day as her first day as a profiler---he will only work with her.  he is on their most wanted list BUT what he knows about every criminal in the world is infinitely more valuable.frankly, i thought we needed one more fbi show like the proverbial hole in the head but i was wrong.  i can hardly wait for episode 2.
As a whole series Friends is 5-star entertainment all the way, although if I had one bone to pick it'd be the whole Ross/Rachel thing which is more or less a frustrating element in the show from the 6th season on.  Granted, a 'real' Ross/Rachel marriage in the 6th season would have severly limited the story line possibilities of these swinging singles in NY so perhaps I can understand the writers decision to have it this way, though it continued to grate on me even the second time I saw these.  Rachel basically broke up Ross's marriage to Emily in the 5th season (probably my favorite season) and by the end of that season they were married (albeit drunk in Las Vegas).  Rachel (who's drunken idea it was to get married in the first place - this after she breaks up his marriage to Emily) wants an unwilling Ross to annul the marriage.  And thus the frustration begins.  It doesn't end there however.  The audaciousness continues when the writers decide to develop the whole Joey/Rachel romance.  The seasons (season 10 included) continue to be funny and entertaining in spite of this development, but I must say that while it creates intrigue (through scandal) for the audience, it somewhat mars that audiences love for Rachel and even Joey as they fall into this state of affairs.  Joey, who chastised Chandler for getting involved with one of his girlfriends of like 3 weeks or something!  In terms of generating interest for the show, it works, though watching these a second time I am still struck by what an unappealing light the storyline puts both Rachel and then Joey in, as the story continues.  How can the audience forget the first time Rachel and Ross kissed in the coffee house (way back in season 2) or Ross's unfailing love for her thoughout his life basically.  And then to have Joey and Rachel live together with a complacent Ross standing by?  Ross whose child Rachel has had?  And Joey, one of Ross's best friends?  It's disgusting!  Well, of course that's TV land, and it worked for soap operas, so might as well work for Friends.  This is a great show, but I can't help but lament lost love, traitorous lovers and best friends as I enjoy the laughs!  Poor Ross, I would think.  But then again, Ross would let it go when he should have held on, and would hold on when he should have let go.  The stupidity of Ross?  Or the downright cunning of those &$@#$%@ writers.
I truly enjoyed this show. Honestly speaking, I finished Season 1 and 2 within a few days after I started to watch. For a few mornings, my wife asked me why my eyes were red!
Of course another season of Rednecked humor, family values and great back woods shinanigans. I loved watching it with my family.....As usual!
This is a series that gets better and better.  Just when you think you know where it's going they throw in a surprise you nor anyone you know would have expected.  The acting is great.  A lot of hot, hot actors and actresses are in it, but there is really nothing that would raise an eyebrow when it comes to the mild scenes of nudity, however, when it comes to the violence and gore, there is enough to make everyone think back to Ernest Borgnines harrowing death scene in the wolf pit in the Tony Curtis, Janet Leigh and Kirk Douglas starrer &#34;The Vikings&#34;.  I still love that movie, especially when Tony Curtis and Janet are escaping from the villains in a small row boat and he tears her bodice because it's to tight for rowing.  That's the hint of nudity that raised eyebrows in the 50's.  Tasteful.  That's how they handle it in this series.  Tastefully.  I appreciate that and find the show more appealing than De Vinci's Demons or The Borgias, etc.  Please, tell me a story without trying to attain my erection.
Love this show. It always keeps me laughing. I love all the characters, which isn't easy to do. I also love the progression of the story line. Just an all around great show.
A bit more gore than I'd like personally - but, they were a very tribal and very brutal people.  Very good story lines.
I was one that did not have high expectations for the series, but am very impressed at how it has turned out so far.  The character (and overall storyline) is very dark.  Much darker even than version of the Green Arrow played by Justin Heartly on Smallville.  This version of the character made that one look like a boy scout.  To say he is morally ambiguous is an understatement.The series starts with Oliver Queen being rescued from an island he had been marooned on for 5 years.  The show actually tells two stories.  In flashbacks we learn what happened after the shipwreck and the events that unfold on the island.  In the present we see his transformation into "The Hood" a vigilante on a mission to take down the criminal elite in Starling City.  He is also re-integrating into "normal" life, reconnecting with his friends and family, while having to lead a double life to protect those he cares about.  Throughout the first season they introduce many of the DC comic characters along the wayThe key to the series is the wonderful acting.  There are really no "A list" actors in the group, but many of them are recognizable from other shows.  Stephen Amell does a great job playing the brooding role, and yet having to incorporate some of Oliver's past playboy attitude.  All of the supporting actors, both series regulars and recurring, bring a lot to the show, and the writers do a good job of giving good stories to all the characters, so it is not just about Arrow out chasing down bad guys.  Some of the stories in the first season get resolved, others are left open.  So there is a lot to work with going into season 2.As far as this set goes, it comes both on Blu Ray and for some reason DVD.  There are 4 blu ray discs and 5 DVDs.  The show looks and sounds great on blu ray as you would expect.  My only complaint about the blu rays is there there is no season mode.  So even if you use the play all option, if you stop in the middle of an episode it does not pick back up where you stopped it.  As far as extras go, there are commentary tracks on select episodes, deleted scenes for many of the episodes, a 30 min "making of" feature, an 18 min feature on the stunts, a panel discussion and gag reel.  Definitely enough to keep those who like the bonus material happy.
My whole family really loves Daniel Tiger! The show is based off of Mr Rogers Neighborhood. It has catchy little tunes used when teaching the &#34;basis&#34; of the episode and the characters in the show are cute and loveable. Awesome family show.
I wasn't sure I would... the first few episodes were a little hokey, but I came to like the characters and their human frailties. Mrs. Frederick is a cool character, and I'm glad the kept Aaron Ashmore on as Jenks. I've read that SyFy is only going to offer about 6 episodes for a Season 5 to wrap things up. I'm looking forward to that.
Every once in a while, you stumble across a really fresh, well-written, well-directed, well-acted TV series.  This is it!  Fully engaging...  watched the entire series in 3 days... and went looking for more.  Found &#34;Season 2&#34;!  Yahoo!
Russian agents posing as a typical American family who speak better English than we do; have children and live the American dream with a well honed spin. After watching the first episode on my kindle I was hooked. The graphic image as intro is a great come-on. Most tv series are to me similar to each other. This one based on truth is unique. Wow. The Cold War. Bad guys. Good Guys??? Are there any? Constant suspicians. An FBI agent lives across the street. Coincidence??? Unswerving dedication to the motherland. Why you ask? Watch! Acting is superb especially when characters are in disguise. My only criticism is that the russian to english subtitles could stay on screen a bit longer. Please note that this show is NOT for children requiring a mature audience, Seriously.
This series constantly tops itself. This season blew me out of the water with some of the explosive plot twists. But logically everything ties together. Cannot wait for the final season.
No one (except Right Wing Fanatics) can watch the Daily Show with Jon Stewart and NOT laugh until bust a gut! He loves to use the F-word but in a good way, if that makes sense.
My kids and I watch Good Eats together. I have been an Alton Brown fan from the beginning --and I really love how fun he makes understanding the science behind cooking and preparing food. His episodes are always entertaining and over the years my kids developed a good respect for food, cooking, and 'good eats'! I own most of the DVD sets, but watching the episodes on demand on Amazon Prime is GREAT!
this show is one of those shows you just have to see, break down buy it and experience what you have been missing
another great season. My only complaint is how it ended. it was just over. It was like the writers just ran out of steam and left us hanging. The development of the characters in this season has been a great.
Adventure Time!  As usual, great work.  Wacky and entertaining so fun for many ages.  Some darker themes and jokes are included.
This show is so awesome because there hasn't been anything like it before!  It is, in a way, a crime show/solver, but different than ones you have seen.  Very interesting way of solving crimes by being able to tell if people are lying or not.  Love it!
What can i say?  If you dont like The Walking Dead, then something is wrong with you!  Such an awesome show...and im waiting on the remainder of season 3 to finally start up again.
I purchased this after watching a couple of episodes on Television thinking that it might just be OK to watch during the Summer months when nothing much is on (Australian Summer).  What a surprise I received - this is an excellent programme - better than most.  The casting is right on the money.  The storylines while being real and honest still manage to include humour.  The only thing wrong with this series is that there are only thirteen episodes.  I will be counting down the days until the next series is released and I am hoping that the show is extended to twenty two episodes.
Super season
Come on people, its weird, freaky, trapped peole, end of the world, and all around Steven Kingand goodness. 'Nuff said.
This is a re-packaging of the Original Series Season 1 box set. It includes only the first two discs with the first 16 episodes.Only for those who don't want to buy an entire first season!Disc 11. The Galaxy Being2. The Hundred Days Of The Dragon3. The Architects Of Fear4. The Man With The Power5. The Sixth Finger6. The Man Who Was Never Born7. O.B.I.T.8. The Human FactorDisc 29. The Corpus Earthling10. Nightmare11. It Crawled Out Of The Woodwork12. The Borderland13. Tourist Attraction14. The Zanti Misfits15. The Mice16. Controlled ExperimentFive Stars because the first season of the original series was great!
This continues to be an outstanding series. The acting is superb; the writing is excellent. A must see for serious viewers.
Brenda Blethyn is a joy to watch. Even though she has a tendency to whine a bit, I love the interaction with her and her young partner. She reminds me a lot of Peter Falks' Columbo; she's the female version with the rumpled coat and intrusive annoying investigative style. Wish there were more epsidoes.
I love Revenge, I really can't get enough of the show. But what I love most this season is that Emily is realizing slowly that it's not worth losing your soul and goodness over evil people. Hopefully it won't be too late...Love love love this show...
I love the ID series I watch all of them, they keep me on the edge of my seat.  Keep up the good work.
I purchased this video long after I saw the original movie Salt. The purchase was done so I would have my favorite actress in my library. Now I can see her anytime I want. There's so much action, wow, it's just an awesome movie. Grab one and say it in your own personal lib.Chuck TX.
I loved this series Political Animals: The Complete First Season I hope they do a second season. The cast that they picked for this series is what makes this series works.
Justified continues to be one of my favorite shows.  I think the writing is excellent, the acting is superb, and you seem to just get wrapped up in the storylines.  If you have not watched any of the previous seasons, this is one show you don&#8217;t want to miss.  Olyphant continues to do a great job as Marshal Givens and Goggins seems as if he was born to play Boyd&#8217;s character.
I do miss Rory and Amy but I am really looking forward to watching the Doctor running to keep up with Clara, what ever version of her he is dealing with at the time. Jenna plays Clara/Oswin with style and an impudence to match the Doctor. I love this show and have for much of the last 42 years of my life. The 4th Doctor, Tom Baker, set the hook when I was a kid and the 9th, Chris Eccleston, 10th, David Tenant, and the 11th, Matt Smith, have made it so much fun that I recommend this to strangers as my friends already have heard about this from me.Don't take my word for it. Watch it and decide for yourself.
I always enjoyed the BBC version of Primeval so I was thrilled to know it was being reinvented for North America.. Nice to see the show throw back to the British Characters occasionally too.
I thought this was well done. It has endless potential for humor and you love to hate the characters. It will need some romance or sympathetic character development for it have lasting power, but it should be made.
I'm thoroughly enjoying this series thus far.  Nichols is totally believable & adorable.  I'm trusting they'll keep up the quality of this series as it continues.  I'm in!!
We love Olivia. She has such a way about her and it's fun to see how her imagination works. &#128522;
Serious Moonlight starring Meg Ryan and Timothy Hutton is a very funny, unexpected dark comedy. Ryan and Hutton are two of my favorite actors, I just wish Ryan would give up the Botox, ugh! Hutton's character wants a divorce and Ryan's character will do anything in her power to keep him from running away with a much younger woman played by Kristen Bell. Serious Moonlight was a film I just happen to stumble upon by accident, so glad I checked this movie out. Very original, enjoy!
This is a very intelligent show with some very, very surprising plot twists. I thoroughly enjoyed every episode in the series.
LOVE...Why have we not seen Madeleine Stowe on TV before??  She is amazing...she and Gabriel Mann steal the show every week.
She enjoys the characters' enthusiasm, and I enjoy the way the aritsts &#34;texture&#34; the animated world with imbedded patterns (a leaf might have a harlequin design in mult shades of green, not realistic, but it makes it interesting/pretty to look at), and I like the way they use counting and measuring things to solve challenges and hope my little tot learns from it a little.
The twists and turns that Survivor brings, the personalities and the strategy involved make Survivor a must see each and every season.
I like to show very much it keeps you in suspense he keeps you wondering if her and Wade I'm going to get back together I think they should
Well written, well cast, good production quality and interesting.  We watched this previously and were hoping for more episodes.  We will keep checking for anything new.
Note: I've seen every episode of this action drama in HD via XFinity On Demand.CONTAINS SPOILERS!!!I was interested in this series, because I like dramas about strong women, though I hate seeing beautiful women get arrested. Each episode is well-written. However, there is a problem. In the recap for the final episode, there are scenes that didn't appear in the previous episode, which makes me think that those scenes aare from the two unaired episodes that will in all probability will now not air. The absence of those scenes makes for a loss in story continuity, which is distracting. And it ends on a cliffhanger which looks like it will not be resolved, which is a shame. ABC has a knack for doing this with their shows (Lois And Clark: The New Adventures Of Superman, CHARLIE'S ANGELS and Missing), introducing cliffhangers that end up not being resolved due to the shows being cancelled and leaving those who love the shows hanging.
Watched it for Kevin Hart and only Kevin Hart!  He makes me laugh.  The best comedy comes from pain and Kevin does his comedy with a huge heart.
now we enjoy Cody and Joe...entertaining show for the adults and teens. Learn something, get entertained, and enjoy family time
I don't know why I love this series so much. No violence. No sex. No action, just great humor. A real love story
I was very disappointed that Stargate Universe got canceled, a real poor choice on scifi channel's part. I at least can re-watch it here on Prime video and dream about a movie that will never be and the demise of good science fiction on television.
Dark, gripping and unique!Emmy Award winner Bryan Cranston plays the role of Walter White, a chemistry teacher at a local high school trying make ends meet for his family. His wife Skyler (Anna Gunn) is pregnant and his son Walter White Jr. (RJ Mitte) is physically challenged.  The family are struggling financially and behind on bills.Walter tries to provide for his family by working two jobs.  He is a very intelligent chemist that can probably work anywhere and make a lot of money but yet he teaches chemistry to high school students (who have no care in chemistry) and then having to work part time at a car wash in which his students mock him for it.  To make matters worse, Walter has just discovered that he has inoperable lung cancer.Knowing that his family has no money, he doesn't tell his family about it.  In fact, he keeps the cancer to himself and with all the crap going in his life, this is the last thing he needs.Depressed and just out of it, he is surprised that his wife has a surprise 50th birthday party with all his friends and his family (with their friends).  He watches his sister-in-law Marie's boyfriend Hank (Dean Norris) is a DEA (Drug Enforcement Agency) agent on television and how he goes after the notorious drug dealers in New Mexico and has been successful. Always finding a way to poke fun at Walter's weakness, he offers Walter a chance to go on a DEA ride-along as they go after drug dealers.  But what catches Walter's eye is the discussion of how much money is made by these drug dealers.So, Walter decides one day to take on Hank's offer to  go on a ride along for a crystal meth bust.  He sees how chemistry is applied to crystal meth, how it's developed in their labs and how these drug dealers are making really crappy products.  With basic chemistry, he can cook the finest crystal meth and possibly make some money for him and his family.So, during the bust, he sees a former student named Jesse Pinkman escaping from the area of the drug bust.  Walter goes to Jesse's residence after the busts and tells him that he wants to join forces with him.  He'll create the best crystal meth using his intelligent chemist skills and Jesse finds a way to make money.In an unlikely collaboration, both Walter and Jesse begin to work with each other.  But because Walter's crystal meth is perfect, Jesse's distributor want to know who's cooking it.  Thus they go to where Walter is cooking and threaten the both of them. In trouble, Walter uses his chemistry skills to create a cloud of poison and thus killing the drug dealers.Caught up in a botched up drug deal, both Walter and Jesse have now crossed the line and now have murdered one and keeping the other captive in the basement of Jesse's home.Walter goes from a ho-hum life to a criminal life involving drugs, theft and murder.  And because he needs money badly, he gets him and Jesse farther into criminal territory with ruthless drug dealers.  Meanwhile, his sister-in-law's DEA boyfriend is on the hunt for the person creating the perfect crystal meth.The first season of "BREAKING BAD" features a total of seven episodes.  Three discs are included.  Three episodes with an episode commentary and deleted scenes on each disc.  The third disc features the final episode and even more special features.VIDEO & AUDIO:"BREAKING BAD" is featured in 1:78:1 Anamorphic Widescreen.  The video quality is similar to a lot of dramas that are on DVD but because of the many outdoor scenes, the quality of the film is pretty good.  Not flooded with grain.As for the audio, the audio is English 5.1 (Dolby Digital).  The audio is primarily dialogue with no need for special effects or rear channel usage.  There is music that come strong through your speakers but overall, this is a dialogue-driven TV series.  There are a few action sequences in the series but they are limited to a few episodes.SPECIAL FEATURES:There are quite a few special features included on all three discs of "BREAKING BAD".DISC 1: Audio commentary on the pilot episode by creator and cast including Vince Gilligan and Bryan Cranston.  Plus deleted scenes.DISC 2: Audio commentary on episode 6 "Crazy Handful of Nothin'" by creator and cast including Vince Gilligan and Bryan Cranston.  Plus deleted scenes.DISC 3: There are a good number of special features on the third disc such as:* Making of "Breaking Bad" - An 11-minute featurette featuring the behind-the-scenes filming.  Enjoyable and showing the wit of Cranston and the cast joking of how Cranston likes to be pants-less.  Interview with the cast and crew.  And the cast talking about creator/writer Vince Gilligan is such a gentleman and so nice but his screenwriting for "Breaking Bad" is dark, shocking and twisted.* Inside "Breaking Bad" - A 30-minute featurette featuring interviews with Vince Gilligan and the cast.  Especially the gory scene in episode 2 as acid is used to rid of a body and how they made the body parts.  This featurette includes interview with the cast.  Having RJ Mitte with a person who does have a disability playing the character and the cast commenting on how well he is able to improvise and deliver his lines.  Also, in order to get the authenticity of drug dealers, how DEA consultants and even people of the street help develop their meth labs and make the show more realistic.* Deleted Scenes - Two deleted scenes from episode 7.* Vince Gilligan's Photo Gallery - Photo gallery of cast and crew.* AMC Shootout - Interview with Vince Gilligan, Bryan Cranston and Mark Johnson - A 16-minute featurette from the "AMC Shootout" television series featuring Peter Guber and Peter Bart and showcasing "Breaking Bad".  Interviews with Brian Lowry of "Variety" and Mark Johnson, executive producer of "Breaking Bad" and discussion of television series such as "Madmen" and "Breaking Bad" appearing on a movie channel, AMC.  Discussions of television series versus films and more.  An intelligent discussion among professionals.* Screen Tests - The actual screen tests for Aaron Paul, Anna Gunn, Betsy Brandt and Dean Norris.* Breaking Bad on AMC - The AMC commercial for "Breaking Bad"JUDGMENT CALL:What an excellent series "BREAKING BAD" turned out to be.  I was really impressed by the Vince Gilligan's writing and the talent of Bryan Cranston (who won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for "BREAKING BAD") in such a demanding role.I have to admit that I was a bit hesitant about watching the series because I wasn't sure if I wanted to watch a television series that may glorify crystal meth and it's good to know that the series doesn't.In fact, it's more about a television series about a very intelligent man making a very stupid decision that will eventually take him to the lowest of lows in order to make money for his family and his treatment.It's so shocking that Walter H. White forgoes working at a great company in order to utilize his talent towards creating crystal meth and getting him involved with the unthinkable and commiting certain heinous acts that you are just shocked.And that is what is so impressive with "BREAKING BAD" is that it's a series that is well-written, smart but dark, shocking and even disturbing at times.  And what helps break from the typical dark and depressing storylines is the other characters and the chemistry these characters have with the main character of Walter White.Anna Gunn as Skyler White, a loving wife, mother and sister other does an excellent job of playing a character with so many layers.  In one scene, she may be the concerned housewife and then another scene, the sultry wife who wants to make love to her husband.Then you have Walter's chemistry with the drug dealer Jesse.  Two unlikely people who would never be together in society but now having to work with each other in making money and despite the viewer feeling empathy for Walter because of his health condition and trying to make ends meet for his family, you can foresee nothing but darkness as both Walter and Jesse continue the downward spiral of working in the criminal underground.You see Walter eventually understanding that he put himself in a terrible position.  Having to work with unstable drug dealers, watching Jesse getting beaten and bloodied and even these two having to get involved in various criminal activities.This is not a television series glorifying drugs, it's a series that shows the seedy, dark and gritty criminal underground and things are not all rosy.  I was shocked about the developments that happen in the series which I rather not spoil for the viewer but you have to watch and see for yourself.  Definitely many twists and turns in this television series.Overall, "BREAKING BAD" is a unique, well-written and well-acted television series.  Surprisingly, AMC of all cable networks to showcase two exceptional dramatic series (the other is "MADMEN") is impressive and you can only think of how far this series will go.  The first season for "BREAKING BAD" really was surprising, entertaining and unique.  I was very impressed and looking back, I'm still quite shocked about a few certain scenes.An excellent television series thus far and I look forward in the upcoming twists and turns for the second season.  "BREAKING BAD - THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON" is definitely recommended!
I started watching because nothing else was on the television.  I quickly bought the entire season one and couldnt wait for season 2.  EXCELLENT!  Romance, intrigue, drama, and suspense - it has it all!
My kids love it all! My boys specifically can't stop laughing. To such a degree that I warn them from making their own AFV moment.
An actually good original series from the Syfy channel for a change.  Original, creative, clever, interesting, and Rachel Nichols is beautiful to watch.
Hurray! SyFy has done something right for a change in this smart, time-travelling police procedural that mixes crime-of-the-week drama with an overarching terrorist-catching theme.The pilot wastes no time in getting down to business and quickly establishing the major characters and what's going on. Rachel Nicols shines as the cop from the future whose zapped back from 2077 to present day, fortunately bringing a ton of cool gadgets to keep sci-fi geeks happy and providing some unusual plot twists. Thanks to her Terminator-like Google Glasses overlay and high tech superhero suit, everyone around her looks positively low tech. Erik Knudson is excellent as the present day whizz kid who helps out our hero and Victor Webster brings chemistry as the cop sidekick.It's actually one of the smarter shows on TV that casts the terrorists as partially sympathetic characters who have come back through time to prevent the takeover of democracy by corporations. The writers make full use of all the tricks that time travel allows, establishing characters 'then and now' and each week showing a little more about their motivations. But for all its cleverness, there are occasionally some really bad expository scenes and dialog from characters that's only there to explain the plot to the audience. The intro credits are also some of the worst on TV but thanks to my DVR I don't have to suffer though those. These minor problems aside, its well-paced and executed and about as good as gets for TV sci-fi.
I loved the love that the main characters had and the whole family had each other's back even when they don't want it. It was a great t.v. show and I wish that they keep the season coming. The book was alright, but I perfer the t.v. show.
Intense. Real. Thoroughly believeable acting. Strong ending for one of the great series of all time. Rest in peace Walter White.
Just when you thought the last season was the end, it feels like the beginning all over again!  This seasons episodes do not even need to lean on graphic violence etc. to get the grit and feel of this amazing drama to again lure us all back into the lives of all these believable characters.  Acting is second to none and I count the days to every next episode.Mike
shows part of what it takes to survive off the land. determination and self reliance some of the things our country was built upon
It is a nice film explaining the fall of Sam.  See this film before you watch the Burn Notice series.  This will help you understand Sam.
I hated this to come to an end. It was just a good, clean fun show I could watch with my granddaughter. We both looked forward to watching weekly.
Great series, wonderful acting and story line plus the great music used in each episode.  Sometime just listen to the music in some other shows, it is usually to loud, to simple, so ugly.  Not so here..
The only two television shows that I watch religiously are DWTS and Bones.  The plots are always imaginatively written with attention holding drama and enough humor thrown in to keep the characters interesting.  The cast has become like an extended family.  The writers' have created the nine or so assistants to Brennan with the same depth as the other characters.  I would like to see more of Caroline Julian and my favorite assistant &#34;squint&#34; is Abernathy Finn.  Dr. Sweet's needs a love interest; someone to challenge his never ending character analysis.  I would like to see Hodgins retrieve his fortune in a unusual and challenging method with a bit of humor added and not happen in just one episode; over 3-4 episodes for the intrigue aspect.
Loved every minute of this series.  I would Highly recommend this to anyone.  I cant wait for the next one
I Love Lucy is an amazing classic, pure and simple.  It'd be better if the entire series was on here, and the aspect ratio is a bit odd.  Still great to see.  Stands the test of time.
What happens to a millionaire playboy stranded on a remote island for five years?  Ben Gunn from Treasure Island was completely mad in a little over two, Chuck Noland in Cast Away developed a profound relationship with a volleyball in three and Gilligan did almost everything imaginable in less than four.  But five years of playing survivor, throw in some dangerous adversaries and even torture and you just might get a superhero.During his time on the island Oliver Queen had only one article from his past life: a ledger of his father's pointing to a family legacy built on corruption and exploitation which provides the driving force for survival as he feels an obligation to rectify the wrongs he believes his family has perpetrated on the citizens of Starling City.  Oliver has also learned to hold on to the memories dearest to him in order to survive but after rescue from the living nightmare in episode one, he returns to find that the family he idealized has moved on; his mother has remarried and the attitude that his baby sister now possesses could probably be best described as ambivalence.  His mother unknowingly hires a bodyguard for her less than helpless son that ends up quitting when he discovers the secret identity of his charge.  But the ethical nature of this character provides a counter to Oliver's single-minded pursuit of justice as he later convinces him to assist in the logistics of his mission although I believe he needs him more as a conscience and a compass to what should be done as opposed to what the Green Arrow is capable of.At times this series may digress a bit towards inter-personal drama but it's buoyed by action and to be completely honest that's what keeps me coming back to this show.  Anyone can do well-choreographed fight scenes but in this case it's all about filming in such a way as to maintain a certain level of believability as well as making the viewer actually "feel" the action.  Additionally, the violence is subtle and tastefully done; how many shows can say that? At the writing of this review I'm still not very impressed with any of the female characters but it's still early and there's lots of potential and I'm sure they will continue to introduce new heroes and villains.  Speaking of which, the addition of the character that will eventually become the Huntress provides a sort of polemic to the heroic vigilantism of the Green Arrow as he demonstrates respect for the inherent value of human life while the latter is motivated by end justifying the means.I just wish the critics would stop comparing this excellent television series with prolly one of the most exceptional super-hero film series currently around (i.e. Batman).  As another member of the DC superhero universe, of course there's gonna be similarities in some of their characters... get over it.  I suppose if you can't then just keep watching those films over and over again but for all of us lovers of creative/fantasy/super-hero, television-entertainment.... there's Arrow.  :o)
Great story with plenty of plot and human elements to create something that shows what silicon valley can be like.
from start up to now, the dome has been an exciting show. this is a program you will want to watch from the beginning. hope you enjoy!Jonoknee
Maybe I'm just a vampire junkie or a Jonathan Rhys-Myers junkie or both but I really enjoyed this series.  I hope it comes back for another season.  It was an exciting drama and I loved the tension and build of the romance with Mina.  They couldn't have cast a better vampire than JRM.  I loved the Tudors and now this is wonderful.  So yummy!
These writers deserve kudos for keeping it exciting and moving forward.  Most series that start off great get stuck in a rut with hit-n-miss episodes.  So far; they've kept it in the &#34;great&#34; category.With the uptick in Russian-American tensions; this topic takes on a new air of reality.I'm sad that there are only 2 episodes left to the season.  I guess that's better than Mad Men or Under The Dome that split their latest seasons into 2 years.
I saw the first two original episodes, but also have followed the originals during the vampire diaries. And I think it transitioned very well.  I am excited to see what happens. I relate to klaus in that he tries to pretend like he doesn't feel, but he is the one who feels the most. Just can not show it in fear of loosing respect. I so get that. People call me the ice queen, but when push comes to shove, I am the one putting my neck out for the ones I love. I joined the army to keep my loved ones safe, I fought my sisters battles (even though she is 3 years older) just to make sure she was ok.  So I understand klaus, because I never told my family what I did to protect them. I just did it. Even though they still think I am evil. So be it.
I love this show and I really think it is so close to what really happens in the real world. Great show great cast and amusing new content each week although a great story line to follow through out the season and since the beginning. With that being said it is however constantly changing you really have no clue who is the good guy and who is the bad. I do have one complaint against the show and it may not bother anyone else. The writes seems to have all the characters repeat their lines to give further drama in a short they seem to repeat in an aggressive high strung manner what they are trying to say it seems all characters in this show do it to further stress their point. For instance they will say a line and change a few words repeat it to get you more riled up and it seems annoying to me. Olivia and her father do it the most but I have seen all characters do this in this show. I may be explaining it wrong but it is really annoying.
I just love Foyles War and I can't wait until 2015 for the 9th seaon
This movie made my daughter feel like a princess and made ME her servant for 1 week it was kind of annoying.
At first I thought this might be way tooo nerdy but honestly after a few episodes I'm really enjoying the series.  It's light yet portrays an Aspie really well.
There were so many talented people in this series.  The artists had phenomenal voices!  I especially loved Katharine McPhee's enchanting voice.  Angelica Houston and Bernadette Peters are still beautiful ladies that still have it.  I really enjoyed Christian Borle's sense of humor.  All of the characters were terrific.  I am hoping they'll produce Smash Season 3.
More action, more story.  It was a continuation.  A real sequel.  Since the characterization had already been setup, they didn't feel the need to go back into the backstory.  I would watch the first Taken movie, then Taken 2 to get the best experience.
The story line was very good. the characters were well rounded and interesting.  I really enjoyed the story.  When it came to an end, I just said, No, not now, what happened next?  This really made me want to see more.
This is one of those mysteries that takes so many twists and turns that you stay glued to the screen and try to get sight of the ONE who really did it!! I recommend this to any one who really likes the challenge of a good mystery!! A 5 star @ the least!!
I missed this program one night and downloaded it to my Kindle to watch.  I love this program and hope it stays on the air for a while.
I started watching this series on cable. Caustic social commentary and biting humor. Over the top! Worth a watch! It's that good.
Great characterization, solid story line. An excellent series. Needs to be continued. This series is thought provoking. Keep it going.
He's a great choice for this role.The show feels gritty, real, interesting.Granted, I'm into dark tv shows.Definitely ended the first show wanting more.
Funny and clever, please make more episodes.  Jeffrey Tambor is great and the final scene is priceless. It started slowly but grows on you.
Exceptional actors,love the classical focus-maybe a more fully developed arc is in the wings. I would definitely continue watching this series.
As always, I totally love NCIS, but the vote is still out on the new character, Bishop.  She knows too much and the long-time characters bow down to her and give the probie way too much slack.  Plus, she's got this perpetual frown like she's always in deep thought.  Very unattractive and not convincing.
[I wrote this review here for the European edition three years ago, and just saw the US dvd. My comments on the US edition are that it's also excellent! Good commentary and also interviews with Purefoy and the director, nice making of docs, and a very nice transfer. In the interviews you can see they were hoping for a franchise and sequels out of this character, so perhaps there will be more to come.]4.5 starsI'm a big fan of Robert E. Howard, and have wondered since the '70s why no one has ever filmed Kane. The character is tailor-made for American viewers: puritan ethos with righteous bloodlust. Hey, that's our foreign policy! And now that a very good version of Kane has been made, why hasn't it been released in the US?A fellow Howard fan sent me this from Europe, and I expected little from it despite being a James Purefoy fan, especially of his Mark Antony in HBO's Rome. JP seems only at his best, however, when he's playing a character with some real demons, such as Antony [edit, 8/8/13: I stand by that thought more than ever, as he's now playing a serial killer on US tv!]. In other things like some BBC flicks and 2009's NBC series The Philanthropist, Purefoy suffers from Nice Guy syndrome and starts seeming cheesy. But Kane is the perfect role for him, as he can show his dark and light sides to equal advantage. He does a wonderful job here and is quite believable as Solomon, haunted by his past and doomed to relive its evil ways, but now in the service of good.MJ Bassett might be faulted by Howard purists for creating some of the backstory here, but I found it true to the Kane ethos, and the script is much more nuanced than the usual sword and sorcery flick. Bassett's direction is also excellent, with many huge pans of the brooding countryside under leaden skies, and the rain comes down in buckets and makes it all that much more atmospheric. The film starts a little slowly but before 30 minutes are up we're well into it and the action and (thankfully) exploration of character never lets up. The stunts are well done and there's minimal CGI, which adds to the dark realism, and the picture has a pleasing graininess that suits the material perfectly.Postlethwaite and Von Sydow are both outstanding, as usual, and while I somehow kept expecting things to get cheesy and go off the rails it never happened. Instead the heavy swordplay is leavened with some moments of real emotion; Purefoy can be a fine actor with real depth when given the right material.All in all, this was one of the best cinematic surprises I've seen this year, and is highly recommended to anyone who likes action, sorcery, dark atmosphere, heavy drama and the fantasy genre in general. And if you like Purefoy you will love seeing him in this. The guy is poised to become a huge star if he can keep finding roles that suit him this well.Expect a sequel!And dang...release this thing in the States. It's got sleeper cult hit written all over it.
i saw the series on TV and wasn;t too imressed. The second time around was much, much better!The story line moves effortlessly, the characters are intriguing and the suspense is superb.I highly recommend this series to all who would enjoy horror with a great story line.Also see the first American Horror Story...that is really,really good!!
This is a totally addictive show.  One of the few I've watched all seasons of.  Great writing and acting - wish it would never end.
Reminds me of how fortunate we are to have the advancement in the medical practices.  Very humbling that so many died and through their deaths our healthcare is so improved.Acting is superb.
Season 8 of NYPD Blue has twenty epsiodes of excellent writing and acting, keeping up the standard established by the previous seasons.  However, another set of tough losses come about, these some of the most difficult to swallow in the show's history.  Fans had already endured losing John Kelly, Bobby Simone, Sylvia Sipowiscz and Andy, Jr., and of course James Martinez left after a promotion.  In much the same fashion of James, Lt. Fancy gets promoted to captain and leaves the squad around mid-season.  I hated seeing the loss of James McDaniel, one of the finest actors on TV at the time.  His character played such an important role in many, many plots, and his history and relationship with Andy Sipowiscz was so complex, it really changes some of the main dynamics of the show when he leaves.  With that said, his exit does provide one of my favorite moments on the show ever, when he faces down his very temporary replacement, Lt. Dalto in front of the squad, making it clear that he called in a favor to get her out the door to save his detectives from her overbearing leadership style.  Great TV.  Another devastating loss to the show in this season is Diane Russell (played by Kim Delaney), who takes a leave of absence after some trying personal times.  Mainly, the failed relationship she has with Rick Schroeder's Danny Sorenson leads her to finally deal with her emotions over losing Bobby and eventually leave the squad.  Finally, Sorenson becomes the next character in Andy's life to die a tragic death, falling into despair over losing his relationship with Diane and seeing her leave the squad.  Although his death wasn't revealed until the first episode of Season 9, most people knew that's where things were headed, as Schroeder wasn't slated to return after Season 8.  After having gone through multiple approaches throughout the time Sorenson was his partner to try to help him deal with his personal problems, Andy is now left to question himself over yet another situation that he may have been able to change had he made different decisions.  I personally hated to see Danny go, as I thought Schroeder did a fantastic job during his time on the show.  I even came to like his character almost as much as Jimy Smits's Bobby Simone, which I didn't expect when I heard he would be the actor stepping into the role of Andy's partner.  It's a shame he had to leave, and that his character had to come to such a pitiful end.  On the plus side, Connie McDowell becomes a key character, and as fans know, she sticks around until the end and actually goes on to marry Andy and have a baby by him.  She's a great actress who looks amazing, but pulls off being a tough-nosed detective believably.  NYPD Blue was always a hard-hitting show, and Season 8 is one that hit the hardest.  It was one of TV's best series during its run.
Mirelle Enos is riveting in this episode. As a character  Lynden forces herself to be unreadable throughout this series and while we see breaks in the cloud of her brooding (both sun and thunder) they are spaced by eons of stone. The writers allow her  much change of emotion and character here and her talent is superbly on display. Seward the convict matches her ,from vilolent to vulnerable scene, by scene.This could be a trite, redundant story of the last hours of a man before execution. It is anything but that.
Love the laughs from this show.  The play on words, the lessons learned, and the simple minded ideas win every time.
It's so interesting,plus the fact it is based on a true story........the characters are perfect ,whoever did the casting knew what they were doing !!!!!!!!!!!
As a parent and grandparent of 71 years young, I have seen the excitement and rapture in my children who have had the opportunity to both read the stories of curious George as well as this latest series of videos.  The video is very enrapturing to both adults and children.  Curious George continues to provide hours of entertainment for my 2 year old grandchild.  The added ability to stop and question and interact with your child to discuss what is happening to Curious George in his never ending ability to get into trouble because of his curiousity, is a common theme throughout.It provides a simple way to teach the consequences of not  understanding what might happen if one does not temper curiousity with caution :-).
I really enjoyed this quality production --- love Alan Davies --- and loved the insight into &#34;chambers&#34;.  Great characters, good sub stories.
Olyphant is just as crazy as he was in Deadwood. So many great Cameos from past actors from other series makes It more interesting.
dr who never disappoints !  The story is involved and engaging, you will enjoy having this episode.!  I love Dr Who!
Really fun show for kids. My daughter loves it and it's educational. Very safe for kids so you can let them watch it without worrying about anything inappropriate. I'm glad Amazon has this and other children's programming on Amazon Prime. One of the main reasons I use the service.
If this is the quality of the future Amazon Studios, then I look forward to the release of this series! However, if this is a slick come- on for the like of another 'Dome' mini series turned soap opera banality the likes never seen before the series &#34;Lost&#34; appropriately named, f it and all the asses that muddle through a non-plot line&#8230;&#8230;..
Gritty and interesting show has a great bunch of actors involved. The story twists and turns remind me of 24 hours, which also kept my interest of the run of that series.
Taking place during the Cold War, the sets are incredibly reminiscent of that period of history, down to details like the wallpaper on the walls.  The series is full of unanticipated twists and turns and features a fascinating portrayal of a 'marriage' under the stress and strain of constant deception.  The whole enterprise is taut and fascinating and I can't wait to see the whole series!
Had all the bells and whistles for a good series. The actors and actress were well matched for the program. The acting was premium.
This one has to be the best super hero adaptation since Smallville.  It follows the mythology of the original somewhat.  However I'm fascinated by the obsession this character has.  Much like a certain Dark Knight we are familiar with.  After being stranded on a desert island, he comes back to civilization.  The main character's deceased father left a list of names. His only living son must track down and eliminate them to save his father's company and his legacy.  Little did his father know that the people that worked for him were all in organized crime.  Not only do I like this show, I plan to buy the DVD when it is out.  I can only hope that this one lasts half as long as smallville.
I have now watched this video 5-6 times, in an effort to fully understand the ideas and concepts being discussed.  For me it was a breath of fresh air...helped me to understand our much society better, and supported a number of ideas I have had for many years.
Lie to Me: Season One Dvds. Good Delivery Time. Great Drama series.My husband wanted to see this after seeing two of the shows and we loved it!Amazon had great low prices and DVD in Perfect condition!
Kids love Daniel Tiger because he is so extremely cute.  Adults who watched Mr. Rogers love Daniel Tiger because you get to see the puppets from the land of make-believe all grown up with children of their own.  It's a calm show that sweetly teaches lessons about friendship and life.
The series just keeps getting better. Will be very sorry when it completes its run. This is the one show I never miss. The cast is superb and the writing is sophisticated and delicious. A must watch.
Unbelievably well done drama building on the books and throwing in some lore, some history, and some fantastic assumptions. On my A list this fall.
At the beginning of this series I really developed a fondness for the main character because he was so likeable.  By the end of the series this character really becomes corrupted by power, greed, and avarice.  Interesting story line.  A very violent series but the writing is good and it brings the show to a good conclusion, something they didn't do in the Sopranos, where they just left us hanging. Breaking Bad is a great show and I highly recommend it!
These stories are very well written, directed and the actors are very good. I would like to see something on the same general theme as well done as this for America's world war II.
I loved it!!!  Superb acting along with a great movie.  I recommend it to all Richard Gere Fans as well as fans of thriller movies.
Wow! I finally watched my very first episode of "Dexter" last weekend, and I ended up finishing Season 1 in its entirety within a few days. This is an amazing show about Dexter (Michael C. Hall), a Miami-based forensics experts who also happens to be a serial killer. However, Dexter is a NICE serial killer in that he has a strict moral code that he always adheres to: He only kills people who are violent criminals themselves and deserve to be punished. The first season of "Dexter" revolves around another serial killer that's been terrorizing the state of Florida. The Ice Truck Killer has a nasty habit of murdering prostitutes, cutting them up into pieces, and arranging their bodies artfully in very public places. Dexter works with members of the police department, including his adopted sister, Deb (Jennifer Carter), to find the killer. However, Dexter can't help being fascinated by the Ice Truck Killer's meticulous technique. He soon begins communicating with the killer, who seems to have an uncanny connection to Dexter and starts using his murders to trigger painful, repressed memories from Dexter's past.I became hooked on this show very quickly. Hall is amazing as Dexter, who is probably one of the most complex characters in television history. The supporting cast is excellent, especially Carter, Erik King as Sergeant Doakes (the only person who suspects Dexter of any wrongdoing), and James Remar, who portrays Dexter's father in flashbacks. I'm not particularly fond of Rita's character (portrayed by Julie Benz). She's incredibly wishy-washy, but I can definitely see why Dexter was drawn to someone with her personality. I also think the whole Ice Truck Killer identity revelation, intriguing as it was, could have been a bit less obvious. (I figured out his real identity and true connection to Dexter right away, so either the story was a bit too predictable or I am just incredibly brilliant.)Overall, though, "Dexter" is a very unique and compelling show. I have no idea how the program will manage to surpass its first season, but I can't wait to find out.
I enjoyed the characters and dialogue. All fresh faces do a great job and better than most sitcoms you'll see on broadcast or cable TV (although that bar is set fairly low these days). I plowed through the whole &#34;season&#34; in no time and look forward to new episodes.
For over a decade, "SpongeBob SquarePants" has become such a tremendous hit for Nickelodeon and an animated series that many children have grown up with. A popular franchise which includes video games, the character featured on a variety of food products, toys, health-related items and more.Needless to say, "SpongeBob SquarePants", although not a series shown on broadcast television, has managed to become a character that is part of American pop culture and still shows no signs of waning, especially with a new group of young viewers every year.With the release of "SpongeBob SquarePants: Season 6, Volume 1' last December, many have been patiently waiting for the second volume to be released and now it's here, just in time for the holidays.Instead of breaking the seasons in half with two volumes, this time around, Nickelodeon has given us a complete season set with "SpongeBob SquarePants:Complete Seventh Season" features 50 mini-episodes (9 hours) which aired on Nickelodeon from July 2009 through June 2011. The episodes are featured on four DVD's and also a few special features.Created by Stephen Hillenburg in 1999, "SpongeBob SquarePants" is an animated series about a group of characters that live in the underwater city known as "Bikini Bottom"."SpongeBob SquarePants: Complete Seventh Season" features the following mini-episodes:DISC 1:Tentacle-Vision - Squidward stars in his own public access TV show.I Heart Dancing - Squidward tries to sabotage SpongeBob's big dance audition.Growth Spout - Pearl's going through a growth spurt and it's costing Mr. Krab a lot of money.Stuck in the Wringer - Spongebob gets suck in the wringer.Someone's in the Kitchen with Sandy - Plankton disguises himself as Sandy.The Inside Job  - Plankton infiltrates SpongeBob's head in order to steal the Krabby Patty recipe.Greasy Buffoons - Mr. Krabs and Plankton overindulge in everyone's love of greasy food.Model Sponge  - SpongeBob tries a career in modeling as a kitchen sponge.Keep Bikini Bottom Beautiful - Squidward cleans the city of Bikini Bottom with some help.A Pal for Gary - SpongeBob brings Gary a pet.Yours, Mine and Mine - SpongeBob and Patrick learn to share a toy.Kracked Krabs - SpongeBob goes with Mr. Krabs to the Cheapest Crab Convention.The Curse of Bikini Bottom - The Flying Dutchman turns SpongeBob and Patrick into ghosts.Squidward in Clarinetland - Squidward and SpongeBob share a locker.DISC 2:SpongeBob's Last Stand - In this double episode, SpongeBob and Patrick try to put a stop to highway construction that would destroy Jellyfish Fields.Back to the Past - Mermaidman and Barnacle Boy show SpongeBob and Patrick their locker of memories.The Bad Guy Club for Villains - the Dirty Bubble, Man Ray, the Atomic Flounder and Sinister Slug are heading to Bikini Bottom.A Day Without Tears - Squidward makes a bet with SpongeBob that he can't go a day without crying.Summer Job - Mrs. Puff works at the Krusty Krab on summer break.One Coarse Meal - Mr. Krabs finds out that Plankton is afraid of whales.Gary in Love - Gary in love with Mary the Snail.The Play's the Thing - Mr. Krabs opens a dinner theater at the Krusty Krab.Rodeo Daze - The whole gang is off to Texas to see Sandy in a rodeo.Gramma's Secret Recipe - Plankton disguises himself as SpongeBob's grandmother.The Cent of Money - Mr. Krab takes advantage of Gary's instinct.Disc 3The Monster Who Came to Bikini Bottom - Patrick befriends a monster (who really wants to eat everyone) and SpongeBob has a dream about a monster eating him.Welcome to the Bikini Bottom Triangle - Mr. Krabs is missing and SpongeBob learns the story of the Bikini Bottom Triangle and thinks he was lost in the Triangle.The Curse of the Hex - Squidward and Krusty Krab turns away a customer due to the restaurant closing and SpongeBob feels sorry for her and tries to sneak food out and give it to her.  But he is thwarted by Krusty Krab and now the customer has cursed the Krusty Krab restaurant.The Main Drain - The drain inside the Krusty Krab is broke and now the restaurant is starting to flood.Trenchbillies - SpongeBob and Patrick try to catch a jellyfish and end up in a trench inhabited by trenchbillies.Sponge-Cano - Mt. Bikini Bottom has erupted and lava from the volcano threaten Bikini Bottom.The Great Patty Caper - SpongeBob, Patrick and Plankton go on a search for the Krabby Patty recipe.That Sinking Feeling - SpongeBob and Patrig dig a tunnel between their houses.Karate Star - Patrick learns karate.Buried in Time - SpongeBob, Patrick and Squidward are locked in a time capsule together.Enchanted Tiki Dreams - Patrick and SpongeBob build a dreamworld for Squidward.The Abrasive Side - Gary orders a special product for SpongeBob.Earworm - SpongeBob gets a catchy tune stuck in his head.Disc 4Hide and Then What Happens? - SpongeBob plays "hide and seek" with Patrick.Shellback Shenanigans - Plankton disguises himself as Gary in order to steal the Krabby Patty recipe.The Masterpiece - Mr. Krabs enlists Squidward to create a bigger statue of himself.Whelk Attack - Sea whelks are terrorizing Bikini Bottom.You Don't Know Sponge - SpongeBob and Patrick take a friendship test.Tunnel of Glove - Pearl has to sit next to SpongeBob in the Tunnel of Glove.Krusty Dogs - The Krusty Krab has a new item on the menu.The Wreck of the Mauna Loa - SpongeBob and Patrick find a lost ship.New Fish in Town - Squidward finds a friend on Bikini Bottom.Love that Squid - SpongeBob helps Squidward prepare for a date.Big Sister Sam - Pat's big sister comes to visit.Perfect Chemistry - Plankton and Sandy bond over their love of science.VIDEO & AUDIO:"SpongeBob SquarePants: Complete Seventh Season" is featured in full screen and audio is featured in Dolby Digital English Stereo. Animation for the series, especially for these newer episodes are vibrant and colorful.  Not as blurry as older episodes and looks good on DVD. Dialogue is front channel driven and understandable.There are no subtitles but the episodes are in closed caption.SPECIAL FEATURES:"SpongeBob SquarePants: Complete Seventh Season" comes with the following animated shorts:Back to the Past - Time Machine, Lessons Learned, And Krabs Saves the DaySpongeBob's Last Stand - Jellyfish Fields PSA, Jellyfish Safety Tips, Trauma!Legends of Bikini Bottom - Things to Do, When Encountering Legendary Creatures, Dance Break, The Legend of SpongeBobThe Great Patty Caper - Spongeholmes, The Porter Reveal, Gumshoe SquarePants.JUDGMENT CALL:I'm quite pleased that Nickelodeon has decided to release the complete seventh season for the DVD release of "SpongeBob SquarePants: Complete Seventh Season".  Typically, Nickelodeon has split the season sets in half but this time around, it's nice to know all episodes from season seven are on this four-DVD set release.Since the debut of "SpongeBob SquarePants" back in 1999, the series hasn't let up in terms of storytelling and continues to raise the bar for wacky, embarrassing and even moronic moments for SpongeBob, Patrick and friends.My home is "SpongeBob SquarePants" mania for my eight-year-old. For the past three years, he has been a big fan of the animated series and has wanted everything that the character is featured on, may it be yogurt to toothpaste, he is a SpongeBob maniac and thus, he was excited when I watched this DVD alongside with him. I can't help but think that if my son is this way, I can imagine how in the last decade, parents had to deal with their children loving this animated series and wanting SpongeBob this and SpongeBob that.  My wife and I have found the "SpongeBob SquarePants" to be a hilarious and fun series. Especially when interacting with your kids, especially with the family singing along with the theme song.With that being said, there are some mannerisms that children may repeat and may not be as pleasant.  So, if your kids pick up some words such as "moron" or things that Squidward uses to refer to SpongeBob and Patrick, that is where parents will probably want to step in.And as many wonder if a season that has gone so long with many episodes can hit a wall of mundane storylines, so far the writers have been good in creating hilarious, fun and crazy episodes of SpongeBob SquarePants from beginning to the present with this seventh season.  From SpongeBob becoming a model, Mrs. Puff working during the summer at the Krusty Krab, Plankton trying to do all he can to steal the recipe for the Krabby Patty and many, many more crazy episodes.As for the DVD itself, it's a pretty solid DVD featuring plenty of episodes and these newer episodes definitely look better in quality compared to its older season counterpars. Animation is cleaner and more vibrant. For those who own the previous DVD releases of "SpongeBob SquarePants: Legends of Bikini Bottom", "SpongeBob Square Pants: The Great Patty Caper" and "SpongeBob SquarePants: Heroes of Bikini Bottom" will get a rehash of the same episodes featured on this DVD box set from those DVD releases but still, where most DVD releases come with six mini-episodes, "SpongeBob SquarePants: Complete Seventh Season" comes with 50 mini-episodes and you also get a good number of animated short special features included as well.If you are a parent or grandparent, with the holidays coming up and are looking for animated DVD's for the children (with many episodes) to keep them busy at home or during long commutes, "SpongeBob SquarePants: Complete Seventh Season" will no doubt keep them entertained. And if there is one thing I have learned with my child and also nephews, no matter how many times they have watched these episodes, they don't get bored by it.Overall, these new episodes are safe and parents don't need to worry about anything negative. Although, there are some words some children may pickup from the series but for the most part, these episodes are safe for children and for seven seasons now, the "SpongeBob SquarePants" series has been entertaining many children all world.And the fact that you get a full season's worth of episodes instead of a season broken in half is a big deal for many fans and I hope it stays that way!If your a parent or grandparent of children who love "SpongeBob SquarePants" or just a young fan at heart, "SpongeBob SquarePants: Complete Seventh Season" is definitely worth picking up!
This is the most original and creative writing in television. But if you're easily offended, this is not the show for you.
Fun musical numbers and great acting. It is a little too much of a soap opera drama for me, but it didn't stop me from really enjoying it.
Love Justified. I don't know how much more you can say. If you like the TV Show it's a winner.
I was happy to find a continuation of Jonny Quest.  I think I like this one better than the first one.
This show always leaves me entertained! If you are interested in being transported to an alternate reality, this is the show for you.
I'm going to give this show 5 stars, because I love it! Not only do I love this show, my 18 month old daughter loves it too! She recites the movie from front to back! This show is a lot of fun to watch, and I like the fact that it teaches young children manners. I will recommend this show to families with children, ages 0 and up. Lol. I'm 30 and I'll watch this show over and over.
As always, another great season, but at this point, we wouldn't expect anything less.  I love the new places they are traveling to, it's always exciting to see what's outside my own backyard.
This show is so fantastic. It gives great incite to specific foods and cooling techniques and really makes you think about how to cook. The recipes are almost all worth trying too...
I found it very interesting on all levels of how the people were treated. The rules made no sense when it came to relations among the staff.
I started watching Suits at the end of Season 2 on USA and got hooked immediately!  With Season 3 starting I needed and wanted to know everything on the show so bought both Season 1 & 2 and stayed up late for 2 weeks watching them....so awesome!!! Patrick J. Adams is adorable!!  He's so witty and his expressions make me laugh!! I highly recommend Suits to everyone...it rates right up there with White Collar in my book...USA shows are the best!!
Very stimulating, great series! It's impossible to predict what's going to happen next! Reminds me of the 80s series, L.A. Law, but even better! I'm officially hooked!
Anyone who has children or grandchildren between the ages of 4 to 10, this is an absolute hit!  They love it and that makes their grandfather happy too!
Great show if you are into weapons and even if you aren't. I personally own 0 guns and this is one of my favorite shows. Competitions is always a good thing and this is a competitive show and fun to watch.
Unfortunately Futurma is following the pattern of Family Guy.  The season sets have fewer episodes and are more expensive.  I do think it was just as strong as prior seasons. My favorite was the I Phone episode.  I wish that Futurama would do more TV science fiction parody type shows.  I have to wonder if they rotate writers between the Simpsons and Family guy because the humor is very uneven in some episodes.  If the writing keeps improving I would like to see Futurama run twenty seasons like the Simpsons.
If you were a fan of the Veronica Mars series, you will love the movie. I love the way it was funded by fans too! I think the movie is even better than the series. It picks up Veronica's life several years after the series ended. The mystery is complicated and hard to solve. The decisions Veronica has to make are difficult life changing decisions. The acting was solid, the characters complex, and it looks like a much more expensive movie than it is. I hope they do a sequel.
I loved this series, a younger Julia Child, doing her first shows before live cameras,she is nervous and even drops things,very old applances,uses her first stick free frying pan. a talented chef,no wonder she goes on to be world known chef,over the next 30years!this series started in 1962.Amazing to watch..enjoyed it very much.
Wow, this show caught me by surprise.  It serves up a nonstop feast of realistic drama, subterfuge, action, thrills, tension, and intelligent Cold War scenarios.  It is truly interesting and exciting.  The characters are endearing and mysterious.  Their professions are complex and dangerous and emotionally taxing.  And the interactions between the main duo and minor characters like the children, neighbors, coworkers, etc. are not corny and forced.  They serve a purpose and heighten both the characterization and tension within the show.Great series.  Always a fun watch.  Superb acting.  Tight writing.  Really is an example of solid, heavy-hitting television.WATCH IT NOW.
For those of us that believe in alien cultures this is the show to watch, let alone discover places on Earth I never knew existed.
Very witty with lots of sly political jokes, has tons of potential! Lets see a full season! Very well produced and is high quality
Loved it, great show ........... watched it for hours at a time.  Like reading a good book that you can't put down or want to end.  REALLY looking forward  to future seasons.
I really enjoyed Season 1 series! The series is a true reflection of the classic movie! I think that if you really enjoy the classic novels, you will enjoy watching the series of Pride and Prejudice! Money well spent!
enjoy time travelers always.  i like the characters in the story .  science fiction has been a fav of mine since &#34; the blob&#34;
Thought this pilot was great.  Really loved it.  It was funny, lots of satire, and just good acting.  Would certainly enjoy seeing it in a series.  Definitely would watch it.  Thanks for listing the pilot.
I somehow knew this show would be worth the money.  I bought it for Kindle and was satisfied.  My favorite episode was "Seaview Terrace" because, although all the episode characters were intelligent and interesting, the Seaview group was so beautiful and elegant and talented and intelligent... and still scared of the dark.  Philosophically it's an interesting show, man vs. ambience.  Anyway, every episode deserves your time viewing it and gave me material to think about regarding human nature, if not ghosts.  Five stars!  (This post takes no positions whatsoever on whether ghosts exist or not.) Hope someone fed that cat in a later episode.Wait, cute cat left alone in an elegant hotel of the super-rich in the Canadian wilderness.  Novel there.
What a joy!  Poirot  leads me along in the mystery and I follow with no regret. I love the stories, the period clothing, the locations and of course the actors and actresses.
This series just keeps getting better and better. So intense with the machine's influence on the world just growing more each day. Your never quite sure if Root can be trusted even when the machine communicates with her.. Can the machine be trusted? What is going on? It just keeps you watching to find out episode after episode.
Love this show!!!!!!!  Just enough reality to make it easy to suspend disbelief.  Great. Acting love special effects and fantasy aspect!!!
We have enjoyed this season thus far. Very curious to see how they are going to say goodbye to Larry Hagman.
Steve, the host, presents the audience with a puzzle involving Blue, the animated dog ... To help the audience unlock the puzzle, Blue leaves behind a series of clues, which are objects marked with one of her paw prints. In between the discovery of the clues, Steve plays a series of games&#8212;mini-puzzles&#8212;with the audience that are thematically related to the overall puzzle ... As the show unfolds, Steve and Blue move from one animated set to another, jumping through magical doorways, leading viewers on a journey of discovery, until, at the end of the story, Steve returns to the living room. There, at the climax of the show, he sits down in a comfortable chair to think&#8212;a chair known, of course, in the literal world of Blue's Clues, as the Thinking Chair. He puzzles over Blue's three clues and attempts to come up with the answer.
i like this show there are not many enjoyable family shows for kids i watch this with my niece and nephew after school nickelodeon is the channel they watch the most im glad to see to it has long following of seasons when you like to have some family time with kids try it they might like it
My daughter loves this show. It's short, simple, and light-hearted. I enjoy hearing her pick up British phrases, and some French. A nice addition to other preschool programs.
I have to admit, I have a deep love for Chris Carter and am a die hard X-Files fan.  Being made by Chris Carter, The After was just awesome for me!  I want to watch more!
Outstanding acting,  story, dialog, drama. Top quality TV. It never drags. The screen play and directing are superb. Rarely does a movie at the theater equal such entertainment
I love this show .... I love the photographic and video evidence. If your not a believer it's at least entertaining!
I think I have seen every version of the movie Psycho that has been ever made - every time I see one I'm CREEPED out.  I never would have thought I would have compassion for someone as sick as Norman Bates, but if you rewind a few decades, you actually feel sorry for him and his mother.  "They just have the worst luck."  Watch out!  It's that kind of rationalization that gets you baited.  If you ever come across the Bates Motel, keep driving.  Stay Alive!
What an amazing documentary!  I knew absolutely nothing about anything in the film except, of course, the great music that I'd been listening to throughout the decades. But none of the details featured here.  Fabulously entertaining and informative.  Loved it.
My wife and I enjoy this show and watch it every week - we catch the episodes we missed during it's regular broadcast times on Amazon.I am a retired cop - a homicide detective in fact - so the technical aspects of the show aren't very realistic.What I do like about the show is that Longworth says out-loud what I had to restrain myself from saying so often to various individuals that I interacted with...This is the only 'Cop-show' that I'll watch - hate all the CSI type shows as they are completely ridiculous in every aspect...Hope they keep producing it...
This show probably ranks as one of the top three that USA network shows the other two of course being Burn Notice and Psych,  and while there are other doctor shows out there this one with it's cast of talented actors and actress as well as special guests make it very enjoyable and worth checking out.  While the first season only gives you twelve episodes the second season will give you more to wet your appetite with having eighteen episodes,  and yes while there are a couple that aren't that great on whole the show will probably still entertain you and your family and friends.
Note: Amazon first made Series 3&4 available via streaming (free for Prime members) several months ago, and another fan of the series made it known to me that Series One and Two are now available via streaming (free for Prime members).Kevin Whately, the consummate actor who portrayed Chief Inspector Morse's (John Thaw) long-suffering Detective Sergeant Lewis onInspector Morse - Complete Collectionstars as Detective Inspector Lewis in "Inspector Lewis", a high quality investigative drama set in the academic town of Oxford, England.Having watched all of the Inspector Morse episodes,  I can see the evolution of Lewis' character (brilliantly portrayed by Kevin Whately) from a diligent albeit lowly sergeant under the guidance of the amazing Chief Inspector Morse (John Thaw) to a confident, outspoken, yet still down to earth DI who now has his own underling in the form of the intellectual, gifted DS Hathaway (Lawrence Fox).In Series One, there are three riveting episodes set in Oxford:Whom the Gods Would Destroy - When an Oxford don's former classmate is found murdered, he comes under suspicion, but Lewis and Hathaway need to tread with care given the sensitive nature of the case.Old School Ties - Lewis is not happy when he is assigned "babysitting" duties with Hathaway. The celebrity in need of protecting is a reformed criminal turned celebrity author. When an attractive young student turns up dead, there are many suspects to choose from - her circle of college mates who all seem to be rather ambivalent in their feelings toward the girl, and also the celebrity himself. When the celebrity himself ends up murdered, Lewis' past comes back in the attractive form of his ex-schoolmate and ex-girlfriend, who turns out to be the widower/ agent of the dead man.Expiation - An apparent suicide of a North Oxford housewife perplexes Lewis. There was no suicide note, and the dead woman's life seemed too perfect to be true. Lewis and Hathaway dig deeper to get at the truth.I have become a fan of Inspector Lewis and his devoted sergeant Hathaway. Lewis may not be Morse, but this series is charming in its own right - there's a high sense of atmosphere, and the scenic Oxford setting makes it a series of high aesthetic value. The cinematography and score are beautifully done. The plots are not as intricate as those in the Morse series, but I love the wonderful chemistry between Lewis and Hathaway, not to mention the lovely pathologist Hobson. I have watched up to Season 4, and am looking forward to future seasons.
the zany circumstances, the characters in her life, that fact that comedy can be fun without being rude or vulgar - &#34;I Love Lucy&#34; is a classic that will live in the Annals of American entertainment.
This show is HILLARIOUS, it may or may not be real, but it is a great show to watch for a good laugh, as are most of the reallity shows on today and the last few years.
Great series,featuring a 40-something police officer who  unravels mysteries while her personal life unravels too. Passed over for promotion, she is assigned to a unit that is hostile to having a woman in charge.
just plain fun to watch. with an excellent cast of characters and southern stereotypes that manage to avoid becoming cliched. the women own a gun and aren't afraid to use it. truth, justice and the american way kentucky style. timothy olyphant is a reincarnation of gary cooper's long tall lanky cowboy, with a killer smile, a beautiful woman on one arm and a pistol in the other. yes, it is violent. if you don't like that sort of thing, the steer clear of this. otherwise, enjoy! but remember... if marshal givens gives you 24 hours to get out of town he means it.
AH, English comedies. I may be sucker for period pieces but this series from 1983 (I think) matches 2 great English actresses, Geraldine McEwen and Prunella Scales.Miss McEwen went on to appear as one ofthe Miss Marple's in Agatha Christie's stories on Masterpiece Mystery. And Prunella Scales was in Faulty Towers. You'll love them in this comedy.
I am giving this five starts because that is what my four-year-old told me to give it.  I listen from the other room and very rarely, I watch Care Bears with her and it's entertaining.  She seems to love it.  Her other favorites are Big Comfy Couch, I can't think of the others, Dora, of course but there really are too many for me to report if I were a parent with a conscience.
my husband and i really enjoy how this show has progressed and is really a great history show on items.
This show is terribly addictive! I had heard about if from some friends and gave them the &#34;whateve&#34; eye roll. Then I watched the first episode. Great! I've been strung out like a junky ever since. I can't wait for the next episode.
Was sorry to lose Carter, but essentially this is one of the best written and acted night time soaps.  Masterfully combines both human interest, intrigue and science fiction with great characters.
I wasn't sure about an American version of this since I enjoyed the British one so much, but it takes on some different challenges and twists than the British one did and is done quite well.  Very impressed.
You know something? It really irks me when a TV Show airs on TV and barely has any time to show everyone just what it is capable of. I've seen this happen, one too many times, with my favorite shows. Such is the case with Tremors, the TV series.Taking place after the third film in the Tremors series, the series picks up with the residents of Perfection attempting to co-exist with a graboid (or El Blanco, as he's affectionately called) while also dealing with the government, real estate developers and other assorted characters. It originally aired on the SCI-FI Channel(which is now called Sy-Fy) in 2003 and, by all intents and purposes, was a good success but was cancelled because it didn't reach the ratings that Farscape had(which is the show it replaced on the channel).Watching all thirteen episodes, I never once found an episode that didn't keep me interested until the end. I know this is going to seem like a stretch but I liked this alot more than some of the films it was derived from.
I love, love, love Dr. Who.  I especially love Clara.  One of my favorite companions next to Rose and Donna.
It's addictive - this gritty, often funny  FX series. Love that I can get the ones I missed on Amazon.
Great show! I especially like that I can download it and watch it without commercials, but the cast is great and so is the story line.
the best program on tv.  sex is around every corner and it sure raises the level of my bp.  i would recommend this program to everyone.  wish it was on every day..  gabriel is above and beyond and should be voted sexiest man in 1914.  the writers are extremely talented.  all of the actors are above and beyond for their parts they are playing.  i will buy every dvd of suits that comes out.
The Harry Bosch series by Michael Connelly is finally coming to life. Thankfully, the pilot seems to indicate that both the script and the acting match the excellence of these books. Amazon should undoubtedly produce this as a series.
As my review title goes, this was a great show.  Originally I thought it would be a comedy, but it's more of a drama with a lot of irony.  Not your typical formula show, which is why it was so cool but also probably why it got cancelled.  Very disappointed that they cancelled it halfway through the season (can anyone say &#34;Firefly&#34;?) with so many loose threads that will never be tied off.
Season five sees the strike team under investigation yet again.  You know the writing is good when you want the do anything it takes cops to succeed. While every episode is great there will be some big shockers at the end of the season. I am really glad I have the chance to catch up on this well written if gritty show.
Another great mini series with another batch of excellent acting. Don't know if there are any more or that's it. I have been looking for things to watch and have to say Masterpiece theatre has not let me down yet!
It was interesting how the roles became reversed.  Michael is now the prisoner in one of the worst prisons possible and the brother is now the free man.  Talk about twist of fate.  I was excited to see T-bag back in the second season.  He's a mean, rotten man, but somehow he just grows on you.  You kind of believe there's some good in there, some where.
Storage Wars is an awesome TV show. It's a very fast pace show and it gets right down with the premise in every show. It works!In every show does the same thing will happen. You see all the same characters going around looking in storage units and bidding on the units if they like them. Then, after auction, you find out what they bought exactly in the units. Sometimes they getting their money back, sometimes they losing money, or sometimes they make a profit. That's it! You going to see this exact same thing in every show. But it's so good because everyone loves watching to seeing what they bought in each unit. Then, finding out if they were right or not before buying the unit.I think this shows makes more and more people come out and try to do what these people do in the show. They try to go out and bid on the units themselves, but we usually won't see other people bid and win a storage from the stars of this show. It does happen but we don't usually see that. I believe I only saw that happen once for all 19 episodes.I'm looking forward to watching Season 2 next.
Timothy olyphant is amazing in this role- he is Raylang Givens. The character Boyd Crowder is phenomenal. This show has improved with every season.
With season 10 the South Park creators set out to give us something that would challenge the creators of Family Guy and would set out in challenging those who like the Family Guy comedy. They also set out in making a point about the whole showing an image of the Prophet Muhammad on national TV, they set out in making a point about freedom of expression and not allowing terror threats to scare them. Did they win that war? You'll have to watch this season to find out.Episode 1: The Return of Chef: In this episode we see Chef return to South Park after a time with the Super Adventure Club who we later learn that they are a group of explorers that show a special interest in the children of remote tribes. The boys have to cope with this change in Chef and the influence that the Super Adventure Club had on him. In reality this is the episode where we say goodbye to Chef for good, as in season 9 South Park had an episode called Trapped in the Closet which made fun of the "Religion" of Scientology. Isaac Hayes who was the voice of Chef is a Scientologist, he seemed to hold a double standard when making fun of religion. It's OK to make fun of Christianity, Judaism, Mormonism etc but as long as you don't make fun of Scientology it's OK but if you do then Hayes said goodbye to South Park. This is an amazing episode and is really enjoyable listening to Chef speak as it's chopped together dialogue from previous episodes.Episode 2: Smug Alert: "I know, for this episode let's make fun of those people who drive environmentally friendly cars and suddenly think they're better than everybody else." This is what Stone & Parker would have thought when coming up with the idea for this episode as they do just that. They pick up on the smugness of these people and tear them apart which is a very intelligent move by the creators. The story is simple; Gerald, Kyles dad is now the owner of a hybrid car and he suddenly feels it's his duty to insult those who have gas gusler cars. Gerald moves the family to San Francisco where everybody drives a Hybrid, but Stan being upset with this decides to write a song that will encourage more people to buy Hybrids which should get Kyle to come back home. This is a great episode with a great message about those people who to drive the hybrid cars, it takes the subject and says to those people "I know you drive them, and I don't care."Episode 3 & 4: Cartoon Wars Part 1 & 2: This is an episode that stirred up a lot of controversy as these two episodes were based around the whole image of Muhammad hysteria that was surrounding the media at the time. Stone & Parker had made the episodes with the clear intention of Comedy Central showing the image on TV and setting an example about freedom of speech but unfortunately it wasn't to be. The story of the episodes are that Family Guy are set to show an image of Muhammad in one of their episodes; Cartman being utterly offended by this sets out to put an end to Family Guy once and for all but he has one obstacle; Kyle. These are a great set of episodes that just rip Family Guy to pieces when talking about their comedy, the whole notion of Family Guy being written my Manatees is brilliant and when you really give it some thought you start to think to yourself, "Well maybe this is possible."Episode 5: A Million Little Fibers: This is by far the weakest episode of the bunch as it's an episode focusing directly on Towelie. He decides to write a book about his life but everything keeps going wrong and he can't get his book published because he's a towel. He assumes a human personality and changes his book around which becomes an instant success and Oprah Winfrey wants to put her name on this book. This is really one of the weakest episodes out of them all and I think was just a filler to get to the next great idea.Episode 6: Manbearpig: This is the typical insult episode that rips apart Al Gore over the movie he made called an Inconvenient Truth, it makes fun of the whole "Look at me I'm an ex-president trying to keep the limelight" that seems to surround Al Gore. He has a new theory in South Park and that's a monster that will be a danger to everyone, Manbearpig. Half man, half bear and half pig, he can't prove it but he's super serial.Episode 7: Tsst: I honestly don't think I've ever laughed so much at a South Park episode, Cesar Milan of the Dog Whisperer fame is called in to take control of Cartman and his bad behaviour. Using some techniques that would only usually be performed on Dogs, Cartman isn't happy about being humiliated and resorts to making some drastic plans for revenge.Episode 8: Make Love, Not Warcraft: Everybody has them, everybody has that one friend who would quite openly admit that they would rather spend the day on World of Warcraft than go outside and play. Parker and Stone set out to make fun of these kids and show them that they need to get out more, some people may find it harsh but some people like myself would find it utterly hysterical.Episode 9: Mystery of the Urinal Deuce: The world's biggest conspiracy of all time will finally be uncovered when Eric Cartman exposes the true culprit behind the September 11th attacks. How will that person prove his innocence and who really was behind 9/11. This is a funny episode that gives a big slap in the face of the conspiracy theorists, I can't help but think that Parker and Stone wanted to give their opinions on the subject in this episode rather than just be intelligent about it.Episode 10: Miss Teacher Bangs A Boy: Eric Cartman is selected to become South Park elementary schools hall monitor, so he dons the look of a bounty hunter and sets out to clean up the halls. He accidentally stumbles upon a teacher in a relationship with a student and wants to put a stop to it. A very good episode with some strong home truths.Episode 11: Hell On Earth 2006: Satan is throwing the biggest Halloween costume party ever, and no one will be admitted without a wristband. Every detail must be perfect for the prince of darkness. But even Satan can't foresee everything. A prominent religious organization, an ex-lover and the antics of the most notorious serial killers of all time threaten Satan's fun. A complete slaughtering of the my Super Sweet 16 girls which I personally feel was long overdue from the South Park guys.Episode 12: Go God Go Part 1: South Park Elementary faces strong opposition to the topic of evolution being taught to the 4th graders. The most vocal protests are from Ms. Garrison who has to teach it. Eric Cartman can't be bothered with what's going on in class. He's busy manipulating his own personal time-line to align with the precise release date of the Nintendo Wii. A great satirical episode that this time doesn't poke fun at the notion of religion but pokes fun at a world without religion, would we all really get along like Richard Dawkins says we would?Episode 13: Go God Go Part 2: Last week Eric Cartman froze himself in an attempt to make his three-week wait for a hot, new, gaming device pass quickly. A freak accident landed him over 500 years in the future and now he's stuck there. The future is a tumultuous place with warring factions, angry sea otters and no Nintendo. Will Cartman find a way back to his own time? A humorous look on a future without religion, how would we find a way to keep fighting if we don't have the excuse of religion.Episode 14: Stanley's Cup: Stan Marsh has hit rock bottom. He's got no job, no bicycle and his only way out of a bad situation, is to coach the local pee wee hockey team. Once a hotshot pee wee hockey player himself, Stan Marsh has tried to put those days behind him. But he's still living with the memory of how let his team down when he missed the winning shot in the big game. Now, he's about to find out that being a coach means facing your past. He's determined to show his kids what it's like to be a winner! Personally I didn't understand this episode and it wasn't very good, the whole children having cancer thing I think was simply for shock value.A really good season with two 2 parters that would have you thinking and laughing at the same time which is a trademark of South Park.
I have introduced I Love Lucy to my 11 year old granddaughter and she loves it. She laughs and it is so nice to be able to show her TV shows that have no inappropriate moments.
See the previous review, great show, pls include more like this on Prime! Really like it. Rated highly on Fresh Air from NPR which hooked me.
My 5 year old granddaughter loves this show. She started watching it last year and still will ask to see it again.
I watched this first season a year after it ended, and I'm sorry there wasn't more. I liked the original movie, but I have to admit I liked this TV series a little better. Perhaps it was Josh Lucas in the role of Mitch McDeere--he did a great job. The stories are engaging, and despite some of the far-fetched behavior, it's great entertainment. I would liked to have seen it continue, especially since they didn't have a chance to close out the story-lines completely. Good pace to each episode, a nice cast, and a terrific lead actor.
I'm not going to tell you anything at all about the plot, because if anyone had summarized these plots for me, I would have thought they sounded lame and I wouldn't have watched them.  If you are a doctor fan, this may be one of your favorite seasons.  So far, it's one of mine.  It's interesting because I think these writers are probably the British national treasure right now.  Scratch that, they are putting out the best sci fi around right now.  Don't read the previews, seriously, just watch the first episode.
My husband and I absolutely love In Plain Sight! We started watching it on Netflix a while ago and were super disappointed when Netflix didn't add seasons 4 and 5. Luckily, we were able to buy it on Amazon Instant Video and watch it that way! It is a good, clean show about 2 US Marshall's working in the witness protection program. It's action packed, suspenseful, and just enough drama. We have nothing but good things to say about it!
Regrettably, yet another super fantastic fick that SRINT Has ruined by their acquisition of CLEAR that used to be  blazing 4G service...now paying 110% more for 1/3 of the quality for streaming..nuff said so disgusted by the GREED and lameness of a once fine service...sorry once again for the rant... Great flick if I could have watched it without it buffering every third frame..
I have only viewed seasons 6-9, but this season is the best out of those because of the ongoing tournament of chefs (including a competition between the judges themselves) for charity that comprise the last four episodes of the season. I often play these episodes as background when I am working on other paperwork but I always get hooked into watching it. You don't have to be a great cook to enjoy this show. It is interesting just in the four different processes and products that each chef makes with four mystery basket ingredients. It appeals to the artist/creativity side of me.
Shaun the Sheep is good hearted fun with short bits between longer segments.  Disco dancing Shaun, Scottish jig dancing Shaun.
I loved the story. It had a lot of everything in it. I can't wait to see season 2. I think it will be even better
Brad Meltzers Decoded Season 1 is very nicely done.  All of the episodes are well researched. They give you plenty of things to think about.
I would see this show appealing to a wide audience and it has a new idea about presenting learning opportunities. I like the premise and its very visually appealing. All ages could find it interesting and easy to watch..
It kinda reminds me of Boston Legal if Sorkin wrote it. Great characters, great cast and fun 'back & forth'. The story line isn't new but this show works. Of course, the fact there isn't one unattractive person seen anywhere... while unrealistic..  is just icing :-)Bravo!
This is something that should make all of us think. Is this or something like this possible? Small town setting makes you feel like you we're when you were a kid growing up. Suspense! Bringing different types of individuals together with different agendas. Shows unity, fear and a puzzle which may be solved with some different type of people who may never have come together if it wasn't for the most unusual of circumstances.
Wings is cool, it's slow paced, but cool none the less, I would like to see more clean comedies available
of course, one of my favorite shows. Destined to be classic TV.  Keep it up!  All the characters interact well and theissues are realistic for academics, or almost....very funny.
loves me some swamp people.  Love the dvds all the more because I do not have to watch commercials with it.
I love this show. Always makes me laugh. I need a drag queen friend. Any takers? Lol I live in Vegas you think I could have one! But anyways, has everything I love, comedy, beauty, make up, fashion, drama. I will always be a huge fan of rupaul and her drag race. &#60;3
This was hilarious and note-perfect throughout.  It's got sharply written characters, a great concept and pristine execution.  A winner all around!
Very interesting series, but would likely only make sense if you have seen the first and second seasons. Most episodes have an independent story, but there is a larger story, a thread if you will, in the backdrop which you need to be aware of to make sense of it all.I really enjoyed watching this series and can't wait for the release of the next season on dvd.
Love this show. A new fresh drama. Can hardly wait for season two next summer. A little different from the book.
