Liked Season 1, loved Season 2, really loved the first half of Season 3, but IMO, so far the second half of S3 is spotty at best.
The worst show of the pilots, not funny, poor writing and actors trying to hard.  Amazon should invest in shows that have something new to say or provide plot and strong character development--The Rebels has none of this.
get ready for some amazing tv. be prepared to charter waters where no tv show has gone before. meet rake. hes a lawyer, hes a drunk, hes always broke, hes a gambler, he always needs a bath but always scores with the hottest chick in the room, he never does any work but walks into the court room more prepared than a staff of 50 people all who graduated from Harvard law , meet rake. you've never seen anything like this. i hope to never see it again. this show was adapted from an Australian show. isn't every part of this adopted from every tv show ever made? bleh. oh, i forgot to mention the dutiful secretary who never gets paid. dbl bleh.
Possible Spoliers"V/H/S" so some filmmakers pull various pranks on people they pass by, like attacking girls and exposing their chests to the camera and well.... that's about the extent of their "talents" and "skills. These filmmakers were hired by a guy or girl or could be a crazy koala bear for all I know, to break into an old guys house and find some rare tape, (at least that's what's provided in the description of the film, never made fully clear to the viewer). They find said old guy dead and a bunch of tapes, which as they progress become more disturbing. Before and after each segment we see footage of these guys searching for this tape.The first is "Amateur Night" where we have 3 guys, 2 girls, bars, later a hotel room and well some bad ends for everyone involved. One of the girls is a quiet, goth like one who keeps saying to one of the guys, "I like you". The moral here, turns out it's true that you really need to watch out for the quiet ones.The second one is "Second Honeymoon" where a young couple is in a hotel room, after a knock on the door the husband says some girl asked them for a ride the next day. Then after falling asleep, the camera is back on and someone is filming both of them, taking money from the guy's wallet. There's not much more to this one as things end quickly.The third one is "Tuesday The 17th", now we have a camping trip where 3 friends end up as bait for a girl with them named Wendy. There's apparently some killer who is very hard to see even if he's right in front of you. Violence and bad editing galore in this one.The fourth installment is "The Sick Thing That Happened To Emily When She Was Younger", Emily and her boyfriend are trying to find out why ghostlike figures are appearing in her apartment and what's with a strange bump on her arm. Guess what follows? A whole lot of lameness honestly and things don't end well for Emily.The fifth and thankfully final segment is "10/31/98", a halloween night sees 4 guys in costume, an arrival at the wrong party house, a cult ritual and a bad end for said guys.The concept honestly sounds a lot more interesting than when it plays out, there's nothing very scary in it, the film feels way too long and the whole VHS style editing and feel really gets old and fast. The only plus is there are some very pretty girls in it, including the girl who played the quiet one in "Amateur Night". I'll never think of the words "I like you" in the same way again. But this is overall a pretty big mess of a movie, where the style falls flat and everything else is very umm.... bad. * out of 4 stars.
I like the show, but it moves too slowly.  There are like 3 episodes and they call it a season. Then I have to wait a year to find out what's next. Pretty frustrating. I will wait until the entire series is over and then watch them all in the same day. Not sure what the trouble is, but there should 8 - 9 episodes a year.  Also the plot is drifting. Fighting and acting scenes very good.
I felt that the new show &#34;Life&#34; was interesting. The pilot episode offers some background on a cop that was wrongly convicted of a crime. He is released and after negotiating a multi million dollar settlement with the Police Deaprtment goes back to work as a detective in the Police Department. He has a very zen approach to life and is trying to solve the crime for which he was convicted. His partner is a young woman that is a recovering addict. She has little patience for him and is suspect of his methods.Still, I found that the show was not compelling. I think it went over the top and released too much information on the first episode when they should have held back a little. Everyone loves a good mystery!Dani Reese's (the woman agent) emotional responses were confusing. On one hand, she has little patience for her new partner ready to disclose everything he does wrong to her superiors and at the end of the episode, protecting him. She seems overly emotional in some scenes and then stoic in others. She is a recovering addict. I would have disclosed Dani Reese's addiction history maybe a bit later. The show just needs better writing.Damian Lewis played his character well, if he was going for the quirky Zen guy. But, the way he speaks (an attempt by the writers to make him interesting) is not that compelling. He has no censor and that's ok. But, the writer's attempt is so transparent as to make every line that comes out of Crews (the main character played by Lewis) unbelievable.Claudia Black is a good actress, why they would recast her is beyond me.
It sure looks good, but man, the plot is so muddled and slow. I'm ok with weird films, but it was like watching a painting and expecting it to tell you a story with the pretty colors. I was able to finish the film, but the ending didn't satisfy me.
This indi-film opened recently with a thud, and is now available on disc.  I'm not sure what has happened to Uma Thurman's career but this adds to a list of her clunkers.  The set up isn't a creative one.  Twenty three year old geeky children's book author Sam Davis (Michael Angarano) isn't having much success and he's recently dumped by the statuesque Zoe (Thurman).  Now right there we have a problem.  Sam is about 5 foot nothing and Zoe is about a foot taller, not to mention well on her way to 40.  Don't get me wrong, the problem isn't there physical differences, it's that there is no chemistry or attraction for the audience.  Sam and his best friend Marshall (Reece Daniel Thompson) decide to get away to rekindle their bromance (strictly hetero).  They run into Zoe who is about to get married on the beach.  Foolishness ensues. The film's not sexy or funny so what's the point?
IT looked alright at first,I mean they land on A moon for what ever reason,and when they get there things start to happen.People die for one thing they may of found life if you can believe that.I'm sorry but in my view it could of been done better.
I like the actors and the first season and I'm watching the second season now.  So far the 2nd season dialogue is predictable.  It could pick up and I'm hoping they will find some new dialogue.
Would like to see more.  Difficult to really say how well we liked it.  Need to see more to give a better opinion.  Story did not totally but we would watch more episodes.
Kind of hard to believe this was better than Zombieland.  But it wound up being mildly witty.  Wouldn't mind this getting picked up.  I think if they tried to avoid making this a "Def Metalocalypse", it could be pretty good.The situational setups were funny good spin offs of pop culture.  But the cross talk between the characters was too busy and became annoying.  Metalocalypse might be popular, but I quit watching shortly after it started because it kept going through the same trope over and over again.  This feels like it's going to happen with this show too.I would still like to see this creative team get a shot.  But if most of the humor is going to be coming from a sassy urban ghostbusters premise, it's going to get old fast.
This season had promise, but, I find it somewhat convoluted.  I actually am getting confused with the time lines and the story between some characters is really choppy.
I enjoyed the twist at the end.  Almost lost interest until that but it recovered a bit.  Alyssa Milano is always enjoyable to watch but I'm surprised she doesn't do better movies.
I LOVE the original Cosmos that Carl Sagan did back when everyone was wearing socks with stripes on the top. Neil Tyson is Sagan's spiritual successor, as far as I and many others are concerned, so there's really no one else on the whole planet better suited to do this show. The content itself is beyond reproach. Tyson is the perfect lecturer, the content mirrors the original to some extent, and the CGI is very, very good. It's only been one episode, but I can tell they put some serious effort into it.Fox, there is a PERFECT way to do house ads in paid content. PUT THEM AFTER OR DURING THE CREDITS!!! That way, they will still be seen, but they will not interrupt the user experience with the same loud offensive schlock that is DRIVING US AWAY FROM TELEVISION IN THE FIRST PLACE.
I found the show to be intriguing with a group of charters to follow the story line . I think there is just too much violence for my taste .
Eric Bana is not my favorite actor but he did a credible job as a psychopath.  Olivia Wilde as his wayward sister was something of a stretch, however.  There is plenty of violence but a burgeoning love affair in the movie seemed too improbable.  This is one of those movies that you can enjoy watching if you can ignore the shortcoming and then promptly forget it when it is over.
Heroes started out as a phenomenon. It was a show that caught on like Lost, House and all the other major shows that were released around it's time. Sadley after an extremly successful first season and a TV writters strike Heores never was the same.This season was titled Redemption and it was a season that deserved the title. We were introduced to some great new characters as well as a very interesting new story. Yet the show never was able to bring itself back to the impactful first season and NBC just decided to cit the chord. To me I am all about closure and not to give Heores a proper send off was terrible. I had heard there were plans for a 2 hour series finale made for TV movie, but it was scrapped. Either way as a whole Heroes was a very interesting take on the whole superhero theme and I am very glad to know that I was able to be a part of it.
Wow... I can't believe I am saying this.. I am a big fan of this series... but the 3rd season.. BORING.Feel like I wasted my $20 and I am not sure I even want to finish the unwatched shows.Just my .02Yawn.
A game British cast and co-writer of Sacha Baron Cohen movies in the director&#8217;s chair, led to this movie described as a &#8216;reverse rom-com&#8217; by some.  It&#8217;s laudable to attempt a spin on the worn out premises rolled out time and time again in Hollywood rom-coms, and the cast seem well suited to their roles.  We have the central couple who we see at the start embarking on their marriage, their bitter and unhappily married friends, a best friend / best man who reaches new heights of inappropriateness and lack of social graces, and an ex girlfriend of the groom.  As the movie rumbles on, with some blackly comic moments which may bring a guilty smile to your face, we are gradually introduced to the idea that this couples marriage is keeping them from the romances they really should be in.  As the conclusion becomes more inevitable, sadly, blackly inventive comedy becomes just irritatingly condescending and insulting. Counselling is portrayed as a ridiculous waste of time,  and the lies the couple tell each other are poked fun at.  Perhaps the worst indictment of a romantic comedy is that none of the leads are particularly likeable.  It&#8217;s really hard to care about whether they find their true love as depicted in the movie, and if anything we the audience have more investment in the marriage, flawed as it is, which leaves a sense of disappointment that they need to take the easy way out for the movie to reach its pat resolution.  And therein lies the insult.  The idea of a couple fighting to save their marriage is seen as futile, insulting all those who have succeeded in getting over their difficulties and finding happiness together, and the idea of a divorce is seen as a romantic light throwaway moment, insulting all those who have experienced directly or indirectly a divorce.  So yes, there are humourous moments, and Minnie Driver&#8217;s scabrous friend whose answers during charades give away everything but the answers is a highlight, but the humour always feels at a cost, and ultimately the movie does nothing to make you feel good and ultimately the laughs are hollow.Of course, there is always an audience for a movie.  For this movie, if you have a cynical streak about romance, believe that divorce is a worthy goal and that marriage is a singularly failed institution that kills true love, then this IS the movie for you.  Classic British comedy..?  No, I reckon it&#8217;ll be forgotten.  In fact, I give it a year.
If you watch only John Barrowman's scenes, you are watching a very tight, very interesting, very stern characterization.Oliver Queen is insane - a serial killer - and it was amusing watching him that way for the first several episodes but the rest of the cast is tedious and it just became watching a clique of people who might not even like each other - certainly Diggle seems to hate Oliver on occasion - but are intent on driving on with this Batman/Buffy impersonation.  It starts to make the characters reprehensible for their striding insincerity.But Malcolm Merlyn's glare and fantastic delivery of his few lines are gems.
by Se&ntilde;orita Rosita (b. 2003): stupid parents and cool kids, you've seen something like this before (Good Luck, Charlie) except MM's actors are not as talented and MM's writers are not as clever. Lucas Cruikshank (Marvin) is exceptionally annoying.
This plays like a made for tv movie - VERY LOW budget, no more than 10 people in any one scene, and they do make Christians look bad.  It was an easy watch though and maybe worth the dollar rental.  *spoiler alert* - ending of the movie was actually how it should have started - they show a mass of Vikings getting ready to go into a big battle, start yelling and running and.........movie over.
Good acting in that you despise Eric Bana. Lots of action. The story makes you wonder if the police can really be that stupid.
I bought it and after watching it I thought  will I ever watch it again?....no it was good to watch one time and that was it. so I sold it asap.  very sad movie and don't let the plane on the cover art fool you, i didn't  see them in the plane lol
It is just to far over the top for me. Everyone has gender issues. Not that realistic even though some of these issues must occur.
It's OK, but not fantastic. There is a lot of repetition that could be eliminated. Another problem is the first season is on Amazon Prime, and after that you have to pay to view. I don't think it is worth whatever you have to pay. It is a typical American made production , I believe Discovery with their climate change commercial.
This was probably the best season so far. Luckily I saw 200 & 201 when they were aired on TV (censored of course) but the fact that they are censored on DVD is complete BULL****!!!! I can't believe that Comedy Central released this DVD and still censored it.Usually I buy the seasons so I can watch them without commercials and UNCENSORED but I'm content with watching this season online for FREE. I returned this DVD to the store the next day. Comedy Central doesn't need my money anymore.
Getting into mid-flight, then crashing again. That was season 3.So after the fascinatingly terrible second season we kick off the third season with a bang, the doofi haven't come up with a plan or anything but they're wandering aimlessly getting by when they find the prison and plan to make that their home due to it's impenetrable walls. The first half of season 3 is, actually pretty damn enjoyable! Rick's team scrambling to get their s*** together was pretty entertaining while Andrea's encounter with the Governor was pretty interesting. Unlike the second season where the actors sat around a farm and waited for their knuckle-dragging fanboys to shower them with money and praise, this season interesting things actually happen and the 7th Heaven conversations are vastly minimized to bare necessity.Rick's group was the most entertaining part of the show. A few major characters are unexpectedly killed off in gruesome ways and after one problem is dealt with another pops up. I guess it's because we're familiar with these people now that they all have a place in the situation instead of sitting around bored. The acting is still hammy and forced, especially by Rick who does the worst American accent I've seen in awhile. Apparently American's grunt all the time. His descent into madness though was nicely done. Carl also steps his game up this season, instead of annoying his parents and me, he has hardened into the situation and his actor doesn't play it cutesy or whatever. Short Round also steps his game up when he sees Rick going crazy, so it was nice seeing some development with these characters, lord knows it was long overdue but at least it's finally here.Then we got the other storyline with the Governor, and it was pretty interesting when you're first introduced to Woodbury. However a few episodes in this supposed badass Governor seemed to enjoy nothing more then sitting around drinking with Andrea and discussing their feelings, I wouldn't be too surprised if there's a scene they left on the cutting floor with both of them reading Cosmopolitan too. His arc is slow and boring, which was a bad call considering the producers want him to be a memorable villain. Basically after his eye's taken out he becomes a surly douche who is hellbent on destroying Rick and his gang for flimsy reasons, then the last scene you see him in he finally snaps into what we've been hinted at for an entire season.Andrea is also boring with her token black friend, I got little to no impression that they're friends, instead they seemed more like survivor acquaintances who at the first sign of shelter start snapping and b***hing at each other like rabid hyenas. Her arc was interesting regarding that she's one of the main characters in the comic who's still around. In the show, she goes to Woodbury, sleeps with the governor, wonders if he has some screws loose when she finds his human heads collection, tries to resolve the tensions between groups, then gets killed. Wow. I mean, half the season was dedicated to this sole character who slowly pieces together for 12 episodes "governor... BAD!", and then abruptly dies. I mean the surprise was nice but what a waste of time that ends up being watching this expendable character sit around, drink, and wonder if something's wrong.Michonne, like a malignant tumor, grew on me. At first she just glared at everyone/everything and clutch onto her unbreakable katana afraid everyone will take it. However once I got endless vapid dialogue with the other characters comparing periods her silence became welcoming to me, and I ended up liking her by the end of the season. Merle also comes back this season, but he basically just plays governor's lackey until he's betrayed, then turns into angsty jerk that no one likes. Like Michonne however, he was pretty straight-forward and not too talky which worked fine for me, also Michael Rooker is a great actor so he brought some dimension to Merle's character.So after the midseason finale when the governor's pissed off and Rick's going crazier, the show kind of just stops. They could've excluded the last couple of episodes and still worked. Instead we got many filler episodes, such as Rick running into the black dude from the first episode, and Andrea getting chased by the governor for an entire episode. Why did they even do that? Why did they bloat out a solid first half into more nothing? Why do the Walking Dead writers hold so much contempt for their fans? Why not end this season 12 episodes in or something, keep it lean and solid, or go the extra mile and give the season a clear resolution with the governor/rick's conflict, and make season 3 a knock-out? Oh yeah, because AMC doesn't care about quality.So season 3 definitely picks up from the soggy turd that was season 2 (really though there was no where to go but up), but flails and crashes after the halfway mark into another bafflingly mishandled season of the walking dead. It looks like the production team blew their entire budget on the first half then slapped a few filler episodes together centered around one character, and called it a day. So instead of this being a solid good season, it's a few good episodes, followed by nothing, followed by a giant middle finger, followed by credits. Really though, they promised for the finale 27 deaths, then it turns out that almost all of them were unimportant stock characters shot off screen. I'll give the writers this, they're intune with their fans pleads for mercy. They hated Lori, she died. They hated Andrea, she died.So all in all it concludes into a mildly diverting tv show, but it's never really scary, exciting, or engaging. The zombie apocalypse is still poorly shown and instead of a grittier more realistic survivalism story we still see characters sit around not doing too much. The gun handling in this is still laughably bad and the pacing gets progressively more sluggish as the season shambles along. Really though I've long given up higher expectations for this show, the fact that thousands of fans showered this season with praise before they even finished it (finale date - 3/31/13) shows that TWD fans are, still, gullible morons who see nothing wrong with paying $40 for another half assed season.P.S. Nice 5 star reviews that are 2 vague sentences of praise written by many people who have only reviewed The Walking Dead Season 3. F***ing viral marketing, how does that work?
The pressure must've been hellacious for Tony Jaa to produce yet another stirring bone-crunching action picture. It's taken a few years but he's back now and starring, co-writing, and co-directing and, yep, doing his own stunts in ONG-BAK 2: THE BEGINNING. This is touted as a prequel toOng-Bak - The Thai Warrior, except that I didn't see any direct link to that flick. Maybe the connection will be clarified in ONG-BAK 3 (oh, it's coming.).The good news? These are straight-up jawdropping, extremely violent fight scenes, and several are darn inventive. Tony Jaa incorporates various martial arts disciplines (Muay Thai, of course, but also a dash of kung fu, wing chun, and kenjutsu; dude even does a bit of drunken boxing). Jaa demonstrates a level of proficiency with several martial arts weapons like the sword, the rope dart, the triple staff and, I guess, the pachyderm. There's always a raw, visceral element in Jaa's fights, and  this is only exacerbated by the dirty, gritty period look of the film. As ever, the energy and athleticism shown on screen are staggeringly off the charts.The bad news? The narrative moves at a sloooow pace. Yeah, the stories in most martial arts films tend to lack in depth, instead serving as framing devices for the fight sequences. Tony Jaa strives for an epic historical action-drama, but doesn't quite pull it off. ONG-BAK 2's storyline is choppy and drags, and it's especially painful during the flashback segments. A possible romantic subplot is introduced but then doesn't go anywhere. And, holy crapcakes, there's that distressingly weak cliffhanger ending. Rumor has it that Tony Jaa went temporarily insane in the membrane during shooting and vanished into the wilds for a period of two months, which couldn't have been good for production. You'd have to think that the budget constraints and Jaa's directing debut had something to do with the film's faulty execution, storywise, and possibly with the decision to end on a shaky cliffhanger. But apparently ONG-BAK 2 gathered in enough at the international box office that it paved the way for a third installment. The big hope now is that ONG-BAK 3 does flesh out some of the half-formed story arcs in this one. And I'm salivating at a rematch between Jaa and that black-clad crow/raven/something birdy warrior.Is the lead character in ONG-BAK 2 an ancestor of Ting, the protagonist of ONG-BAK? We don't find out in this one. But we do find out that times were rough in medieval Thailand. The story takes places in the 15th Century, in the backdrop of ancient warring kingdoms, rampant assassinations, and traitorous vassals. The central character is Tien, an orphaned boy of privilege raised by the outlaws of Garuda Wing Cliff and rigorously trained in various forms of martial arts. Tien grows up and sets his sights on them what murdered his family. Bring on the grueling brawls but also the sluggish backstory.There's an almost mystical vibe just pulsating underneath, kicked off by a pretty farfetched scene in which Jaa forces a submission from the head bull elephant and thus inducing the other elephants to kneel in obeisance. And then there's the mysterious black-clad crow figure. Later on, the ending rolls around with a dreary voiceover abruptly calling for us to unite the power of our minds and our faiths so that Tien may return. And, after the prayer sessions, the voiceover will pass a hat around.Tony Jaa's fight scene recipe is adhered to. No wires, no CGI, no stunt doubles, lots and lots of bruises. ONG-BAK 2 comes hard with intense full contact fights, and this almost redeems the movie. Tony Jaa makes every brutal encounter feel like it's bitterly personal and he's taking out his grievances on sundry henchmen. I actually cringed when he abused one bad guy's Adam's apple. There's even two folks who throw down on an elephant, not to mention Jaa using the elephant as a fight prop. I will say, though, that the last fight didn't live up to expectation. Still, there's something satisfying about Jaa taking his lumps but still violently victimizing an army of ninja-type goons. I've seen him do this before, take on a wave of foot soldiers, in ONG-BAK and in TOM YUM GOONG (a.k.a.The Protector (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)). It never friggin' gets old. So Jaa is holding it down with the fighty fights. But the screenplay writers - and I guess one of them is Tony Jaa - had better get their shizzy together. ONG-BAK 2 is recommended for its rousing action sequences, condemned for its ponderous pacing. The acting is what you'd expect, with the villains over-the-top and not stinting on their villain laughs.Hey, Tony Jaa and Manny Pacquiao in a thumb war. Who wins?
Veep is smart political satire most of the time. Alpha House has potential but is so loaded with stereotypes that the really clever moments ie. family values award ceremony, bowl full of American flag pins or the ridiculous filibuster get lost. The allstar cast can probably get this potential series onto the must watch list for Veep fans. I don't watch much TV but I will watch Alpha House.
The filmmakers aimed for mediocrity and achieved it. Rutger Hauer saves the movie from being completely dismissible with his odd and humanizing performance. Molly Dunsworth as Abby offers her support in humanizing the movie as well. Brian Downey does a great cartoonish villain, but it's a one-note character and I tired of that note.
I spent the whole time waiting for a point. There was none.  Some of the acting was okay, but ultimately something was lacking.  It just didn't make much sense and was not interesting.  The whole concept had potential, so it was disappointing that it didn't deliver. It dragged on so much that I had the feeling that the story could have been better told in half an hour rather than an hour and a half.  I'm glad it was free to watch.
I totally loved this show in the first two seasons... then I sloughed through BORING season 3... got better in season 4, and I started dreading the end of the show this season.  The season started out a little boring, but it got better quickly.  I put off watching the last 2 episodes because I was dreading the fact that it was going to be over.  I waited so long that I was able to watch the last 2 episodes back-to-back, fortunately!  The 2nd to last ep. was amazing, and the last one started out that way, too. But - and I won't give anything away, it ended VERY badly.  Too many shows end badly, but generally it's because they didn't know they were going to end.  THIS show knew it was ending, and they could have done a much better job of it for sure.  IMHO, the last episode ruined the show for me.  It was so disappointing that now I don't even care that the show ended, and that is just sad.  It's better for shows to go out on a high note so that people will miss the show, not be happy it's over.  Shoot.
Put up the crime scene tape...again...and again...nothing wrong with the acting, just the same old rehash! I frankly don't know what kind of a twist a new cop series would have to have to grab my time.
...I'll watch the next episode. Full of time-worn and predictable dialogue and old jokes. It's on par with major network sitcoms.
I chose a three star rating because the series is very slow moving, and it is just really full of ego's and it gets really annoying very quickly. I would not recommend this for a great watch.
We'll see how the series progresses.  This was good but not as good as Inspector Lewis, Jack Taylor, Wallander (Swedish or Branaugh) etc.
took a little time to figure out what all the fuss was about, but has potential to be a great show
This si another try to shed some light into a story that nothing new can be told is starting to get boring. Not worth the time wasted to see the same tired old story.
Yuck... were do I start. Nothing made me want to watch the ten episodes over. The scences of mother and son sleeping in the same bed are really creepy. Poor guy.
In this season, Annie Walker, CIA agent, is no longer a novice. She begins to take more risks and defy her managers in the chain of command. Her character hardens a bit and she doesn't smile as often. I give the writers credit for character development. Backdrops for the plot sequences took viewers around the world. The storyline for Auggie, her good friend and tech expert, develops as well. The actor plays the character as complex, caring, savvy, yet vulnerable. Good job. The friendship between him and Annie is very believable.
Waste of MONEY! The first episode was already shot and story was already given in the show Vampire Diaries. Why would anyone be interested in a family of egocentric characters that no one really likes? The acting is very good but the characters are 2-dimentional and uninteresting.
Another zombie movie. Poor lighting. Poor sound. In the dark half the time. This has food actors who are stuck with a lousy script.
I'm not a huge sports fan, but that hasn't stopped me from loving sports-related shows. In fact, Friday Night Lights is probably in my top 5 favorite shows of all time. Now this is a comedy, so maybe to appreciate the humor you have to be a little more of a sports fan. I dunno... I just didn't particularly care about the characters. I love Natalie Zea, but as an entitled, oblivious manager of a sports team, I'm just not rooting for her. And the players she's trying to save all seem like jerks. And a lot of the script felt gimmicky. But hey, maybe that's all okay. No judgments.
Good production quality.  I simply have more interest in the other pilots and could not resonate to the topical material, and feel it would not have as broad appeal as several of the others this year might.
Im not at all impressed with this seris. I have watched 2 episodes and that was enough. Its just not  interesting i love Pretty Little Liars but RW is not adventerous or even interesting its almost like everything is forced and the acting is forced also bottom line Caleb needs to leave  Ravenwood!
There is no mystery in this movie what so ever; there are no ghosts; there is nothing supernatural. Just ignorance. Everyone has lost someone that they love but to randomly toss in a couple of fakey slightly scarred head shots in spots that make no sense (e.g. in the car seat next to you; under some stuff in a room) or a couple of brief ghostly apparition scenes lasting a few seconds that do nothing - please! That any of these mysteries are part of illusionary compensation for losing someone is beyond belief. Also, to intermingle and confuse the one story line with another with an artificial good guy - bad guy - cute girl love triangle seems to be added to appease a certain viewing demographic but has no other function in this supposedly "spine-tinglingly" supernatural thriller.Finally, what does an eclipse have to do with the fundamental plot/story of the movie?
Really loved Castle when it had a layered storyline (Beckett's mother, the serial killer, etc) and when it had connectedness with characters.  This season has lost the magic.  It's episodic, contrived and tired.  The character chemistry is gone as we see little of Alexis and Castle's mother and the relationship with Beckett and Castle lacks substance.  The one-liners and stories are mostly predictable and the season finale was anti-climatic.  And what's with the cameo appearance of Beckett's Dad?  We never see the guy and suddenly we are supposed to connect with a moment when she is at a crossroads and meets him for coffee for advice? Blah. Wishing they would have tied it up neatly a season ago as I'm finding that I don't really care what happens now.
Just more of the same.  It would be interesting for them to introduce some new players.  The rumor has it that the good stuff is planted - I wonder if that is true.
"If I kill you I am bound for Hell. It is a price I shall gladly pay." Solomon Kane (Purefoy) is a ruthless mercenary who has no problems with killing until a minion of the Devil appears and tells him that he in on a path to Hell if he continues. Renouncing violence, Kane changes his ways until a group he has taken up with has their child taken from them. Told the only way he can change his fortune is to bring the girl back. Now the only way to save his soul is to first set it on the path to Hell. I have never really been a fan of med-evil era movies. I'm not sure why but most have never really appealed to me. This one, while still not great was actually not that bad. Kind of a combination of The Searchers & Ghost Rider (I know). The movie is pretty much nothing more then a lot of violence and death, but it is entertaining. If you are into movies set in the dark ages and full of fighting and death you will love this. If like me you aren't into this genre you may still like it. I think it's worth watching. Overall, better then I was expecting. I give it a B-.
I don't know what &#34;Juliette&#34; did to be cast in that role, but she's an awful actress. After watching all the seasons so far, I've come to the conclusion that her best acting is done when she's pretending to be in a coma. Aside from that, she manages little more than a furrowed brow and slightly widened eyes even when she should be acting terribly upset. She's also just had too much cosmetic surgery. The nose job is too pinched, the cheek implants don't fit her face, the dye job on her hair is too burgundy, and the botoxed upper lip fails to look attractive in any way. She sort of reminds me of the Bride of Frankenstein -- just too many parts put together to make an unattractive whole. I feel bad for the woman but she's just not an actress. She should go into some line of work where she can do well instead of trying to act.
This isn't a bad film, but too often its stark themes of war seem flaky and superficial.  It uses stark, all too real images of war---nuclear fall out, mass graves, anarchistic rapes---merely to glamorize a teeny bopper romance between stars Saoirse Ronan (Daisy) and George MacKay (Eddie).  Daisy, a punkish teenage girl, has been sent to live with her British cousins in a remote country cottage.  Other than Eddie, there are 3 members of the family, and a neighbor boy---all of which get treated as fodder for his and her romance.  The problem is whenever there is a shooting a bombing, that happens to someone other than Daisy we're expected to rub it off... all in the name of "love"!  The youngest girl who sticks by Saoirse in the second half of the film, realizes in the last five minutes that she's lost half her family (which the audience has been aware of for some time), and she just kind of shrugs it off.  The whole movie is kind of like Sixteen Candles or Pretty in Pink posturing as Cold Mountain.  It is a very commercial, entertaining film.  For whatever reason it didn't get a wide theatrical release, so it is definitely worth picking up if the trailers interest you.
I enjoy show with animation so this would be right up my alley.However, it needs some work.The constant weed nonsense was annoying. It was a desperate plea for laughs by using the 'taboo' subject of weed. I guess that appeals to the 'Adult Swim' demographic - one I am not a part of.
In the long tradition of "women behind  bars" movies "Prison Girls" ranks near the bottom (an achievement of sorts). It is a terrible movie shot on a cheap budget with a script that was apparently made up as they went along.  It does feature a LOT of nudity, in fact that is the only noteworthy thing I really remember about the ten minutes or so that I watched.  I skipped ahead to see if it got any better but it didn't. There is also some simulated sex that manages to avoid being the least bit erotic.  I do remember thinking this would make a great beer night movie for college kids.  BTW: the two stars doesn't mean I didn't "like it".  It means I found it well below average.
we laughed, a little, at first, but it just isnt Danny DeVito, rolling in your seat funny. it is a little funny and thats it.
"Without you we are going to die. I don't know where I am, we don't speak Spanish." Three friends travel to South America for a fun and relaxing vacation. One night while out at a club they met a group of women and begin to pair off. What starts out as a fun and promising night takes a terrifying turn when they are involved in an earthquake. Things then start to get worse and worse for the group. This surprisingly is a movie that I didn't really expect anything from. When the biggest name in the movie is Eli Roth, as an actor not a director, there really isn't much hope for goodness. While I can't say the movie is good it was entertaining and found myself having a good time watching it. The best way to describe this is that the whole movie has the feel of the beginning of Hostel or Turistas. Showing the friends having fun in a foreign country and not realizing the horror that is coming. Unlike those movies though there is no cutting people up, but if you like those two movies then this one is for you. Nothing else to say really, pretty generic but it is entertaining at least. Overall, this was better then expected but still very generic. I give it a B-.
I can acknowledge the potential this show has. I can recognize the humor. I can appreciate the appeal it might have with the right audience. I, sadly, am not the target demographic for this program.
I'm sorry but I couldn't get through the first episode. I was just too morose. The character development was hideous.
Do you like whining?  Do you like childish drama?  Do you like meaningless lives lived in a shameless way?  Do you like women one step away from streetwalking, welfare, jail time, and the grave because of their money's security?  Then watch this show.It is meaningless garbage.  A peek into why other poor countries must hate America.  Money misused.  Minds underused.I will say this, if you have food poisoning and need to vomit, try watching a few episodes with a bucket handy.
I used to love this show when it first premiered and have been a faithful follower throughout all its many seasons. Having said that I feel that the antics of Dr. House are getting a bit tiresome and I am waiting for either Dr. Wilson or someone else to punch him in the face. The storyline remains the same, a medical mystery is presented at the beginning of the show and the rest of the show is devoted to the eventual solution. I will watch it to the end but the writing has to improve.
The acting is very good but, this movie starts out REALLY slow.  If you can hang in there, it gets better once you are about half way into it.
It used to be sort of interesting before they got married. I am still watching this show, but it is like those medieval wars that nobody remembers why and when it started and what they are fighting for. The forensics is getting more and more superficial and the whole show is way too removed from real life.
Nothing about this show grabbed me. I love the characters individually, but they just don't meld together. It's not horrible, just boring to me.
I chose the rating of 3 stars for this movie because I went into it with far higher expectations mostly due to the 4 & 5 star ratings that other reviewers gave. I was let down by the plot, but the premise and emotional value somewhat made up for that.This movie starts with the sponsorship of a 6 year old girl in China by an Australian man who undoubtedly (thankfully) believed he would be helping an orphaned child. This child was able to go to school and live better in her orphanage. She and Mr. Randell have a prolific exchange of letters and postcards over a ten-year period.No spoilers here, but as you can read in the description that the girl at age 16 has the opportunity to meet her sponsor...and she arrives uninvited. What she finds, in her words, make &#34;everything all wrong&#34; .The girl, who lacks a real name as she couldn't remember it when she arrived at the orphanage is called Mei Mei, meaning Little Sister. This is an important aspect of the movie. The rest of the movie relies upon this small bit to carry out the duration.There are two-bit gangster wanna-be bad guys who run a two-bit mafia-like organization. However, they are not portrayed very menacingly and therefor, in my opinion, really just look and act like older bullies from middle school.A lot of reviewers on here also stated the movie was too 'disturbing' and 'violent'. One even said they could only watched for twenty minutes due to these reasons. So I watched for anything that might indicate these statements to be true, and there absolutely was not one thing. No nudity, no sexual activity, no violence obviously defined except for a couple fist fights and implied 'messing you up bad' bully statements.The biggest thing I got out of this movie was the understanding that a good deed may come with a false underlying story and that even though the truth will avail, there is always room for forgiveness, love and a future.I would say: Watch this one. It won't waste your time. Its a bit teary schmaltzy ay the end, which makes it feel like a better movie than it was.
We love Josh Gates in this house. We love the paranormal too. But what we love most of all is laughing our butts off at regular folks like us losing their minds over sounds in the dark. Even when I know a place is haunted --like Star Island, which is SO HAUNTED IT&#34;S UNBELIEVABLE-- I still think people are super scaredy cats. We all know we'd never act scared in some huge haunted place, all alone. Nope.
Very good police show that kept you guessing who did it.
This was my least favorite of all the pilots I viewed. The tech jargon felt overwhelming. The love interest story felt forced to attract the women. I didnt really care if they ended up getting Ed Begley Jr's help or not.This show just wasnt for me.
We didn't go too far into this series...it was sort of a snoozefest. Maybe it was just the few stories that we did watch..but some of the events mentioned weren't even 'ghost-worthy'. Definitely a few interesting celebrities are featured here, so perhaps worth a revisit and maybe worth a shot to you on a rainy day.
Come on, I have lived in British Columbia and knew some real mountain men... these guys are NOT. Real mountain men do not have airplanes, snowmobiles, sawmills, cars or handy neighbors just to name a few things.Then on top of that the show tries to make it seem like these guys are &#34;lost&#34; or in danger when it's so obvious there is a camera crew with (for one example) stage lighting making it much easier to fix the broken snowmobile in what should be darkness. How dumb. Are we not supposed to notice that or are we supposed to think the whole crew was in such peril?On top of that, it's almost as if there wasn't enough dialogue to fill up the time slot with the same dialogue being repeated over and over ad nauseum.This must be one of the worst put together series I ever saw on TV (or in my case the Internet). I found myself watching more than just a few minutes of the first episode because I couldn't believe how poorly done it is.I could make a camping video with more realistic danger than this show.
Need more series like this. Not finished with this one.Is good at holding my interest in the plots and cases.
but I just couldn't. I tried but the winey predictable characters didn't supply me with anything new. Been here, done this before. Get better story lines & maybe I'll come back.
I watched 4 of the episodes and couldn't take it anymore. Why on earth do they have to use such foul language in every other sentence? I can swallow some of the behavior they were showing, but I think they went way overboard on some stuff. Although there were a few funny parts, most of it was rude, crude, and just plain awful.
Okay, these 3 folks should not have left the phones in the car and never should have parked so far away or gone into such a remote ATM.  Otherwise, though, this is a very scary situation that will give you pause and make you wonder why the killer wants to target people this way.
Out of all of the new shows that debuted on Amazon pilot series, this was the worst. It was slow, way too cliche (underline, underline), boring plot, annoying sex scenes, cursing where it doesn't belong. No likable characters except for both of the maestros. I kept waiting for the scenes/show to pick up and get better. It did but it was the last 5 minutes of the show. Would not watch any more of this series.
I only made it to the 4:30 mark on this one.  Any longer and it might have done permanent brain damage.  The fat guy showed his butt ... hardy freakin' har!  There's graffiti on the spaceships ... oh, stop ... my side hurts from the hilarity.  Too dumb for adults, too filthy for the kiddies.  That leaves you with no audience dumb wits!
The theme was boring. The actors/experts were boring. There was no story line. I left the movie after 30 minutes.
&#34;I'm gonna find you.&#34; John Moon (Rockwell) is trying everything he can to reconnect with his wife and child. Spending his time between living in his cabin and trying to fit in in town. When he finds a young woman in the woods his life takes a dangerous turn and now he must not only fight to get back with the woman he loves but also for his life. I watched this movie for really only one reason, Sam Rockwell. After watching it I have to say there is really only one reason to watch this, Sam Rockwell. To me he is one of the most underrated actors alive (Paul Giamatti & Giovanni Ribisi would also be on list) and he again shows why in this movie. If anyone but him was the lead in this it would be unwatchable. The movie itself is so slow moving that I found it hard to stay interested in but he brought a depth to the character that really helped and made you want to see him succeed in everything he was doing. Other then that though this is just really to slow moving to recommend. Overall, a movie to watch to see the brilliance of Sam Rockwell. I give it a C+.
A pilot should be hard-charging and compelling, after all its a sales pitch. I am not sure what this show is pitching itself as. Comedy? Really? Comedic Drama? Then again I was not a fan of Sex in the City so maybe I'm just not the target audience.
I gave up after 45 minutes. Even bad movies I watch to the end, but this one was just weighing me down with the meandering and lack of action. This was recommended as horror, but I like actual horror and not paranormal.
It has been some time since I saw the first three seasons, and in the interval I had forgotten how cartoonish and over acted it is. Still OK if you are in the mood for camp, but not a must see.
There are a handful of directors who have created such buzz surrounding their distinct voices that there is talk about them, their films and their methods with every film, before, after and even long after he&#8217;s moved on to something else.  Lars von Trier is probably the king of this.  Since his start in the early 90&#8217;s, von Trier has graced audiences (small audiences, but audiences) with his perverse and often shocking depictions of sexuality, sexism and masochism.  Sometimes, he finds ways to shade his own ideas, philosophies, theories and musings with enough style and depth to make them feel warranted, making the shock of it all carry the weight it needs to sit on our palate.And then other times he just shows us a lot of pictures of genitals and expects us to feel something other than repulsion.Now, I&#8217;ve been a longstanding champion of von Trier and his vision.  While others have tossed many disparaging remarks his way and have taken arms against some of his more recent films, I&#8217;ve stood my ground and played devil&#8217;s advocate in his favor.  &#8216;Antichrist&#8217; was a pretty disturbing film, but when all was said and done there was an underlying purpose to von Trier&#8217;s madness, and while it didn&#8217;t all translate how he would have liked (or at least how the audience would have liked) there is no denying that von Trier had a pretty bold narrative and some pretty confident points to entertain, and the core performance from Charlotte Gainsbourg was astonishingly grounded in the context of the film (such a fearless performance, through and through).I can&#8217;t defend this.&#8216;Nymphomaniac: Vol. 1 & 2&#8217; is basically a four hour film that recounts a young woman&#8217;s many, many, many sexual trysts.  Pretending to exploit (here we go again with exploitation in film) the double standard that abounds within the treatment of men and women, especially in a sexual context, &#8216;Nymphomaniac&#8217; confuses all of its own ideals in a strange hodgepodge of &#8216;chapters&#8217; that drone on and on and ultimately take us nowhere.  Opening with a beaten young woman named Joe being helped off the street by the neighborhood psychiatrist, Seligman, and then delving into the depths of carnal lusting and abuse, &#8216;Nymphomaniac&#8217; is probably one of the most self-absorbed and self-indulgent films I&#8217;ve ever had the displeasure of seeing.I think that Lars von Trier has a deep-seated interest in uncovering the depths of a woman&#8217;s psyche.  I don&#8217;t think that he is a misogynist at all.  In fact, I tend to side with Uma Thurman on this subject:&#8220;He&#8217;s a very provocative filmmaker, but he writes women with more depth and respect and complexity than most writers.  The idea that people debate whether he&#8217;s a misogynist?  People should debate whether people who don&#8217;t even write women are misogynist.  The fact is, he&#8217;s dedicated a large portion of his artistic life to the exploration of the female psyche&#8212;good and bad, light and dark, shadows, textures.  The fact that he&#8217;s dedicated a huge part of his talents to that, to me, defies the concept that he doesn&#8217;t have respect, interest, and genuine compassion in women.  People should question writers that don&#8217;t even give a d*** about a female character.  They are the misogynists.&#8221;Sadly, this respect and intrigue isn&#8217;t seen very well here at all.  Instead, &#8216;Nymphomaniac&#8217; feels about as misogynist as they come, and at the end of the day it&#8217;s even worse than that; the film feels just plain trashy.  Lars von Trier has built a career out of shock value, but his shocking contributions to film have always felt grounded in a linier plot or at least in an idea that has sprouted into madness, but a clear idea at the core.  Most of &#8216;Nymphomaniac&#8217; feels nonsensical and devoid of rational narrative, and while he tries to find some footing in the film&#8217;s final throws, he never establishes anything concrete within Joe&#8217;s story to hook us to her, to latch onto us and so it all winds up feeling rather misguided.There is a point here, but von Trier doesn&#8217;t know what it is.Instead, von Trier treats us to a young girl&#8217;s dissention into depravity.  She prostitutes herself for sexual pleasure at a very young age, playing games with her best friend and even forming a club that&#8217;s primary focus was to rack up sexual partners, never forming a lasting relationship with anyone (no one lay to be repeated), and Joe recounts her story with absolutely no emotion, as if none of it matters (because it doesn&#8217;t) and Seligman tries to liken her whorish behavior to numbers and fish while she relates it all to her dying father and an ash tree; and while Joe is pretending she&#8217;s falling in love with Shia LaBeouf (because that could never happen for real), volume 1 ends and volume 2 begins and this is where things get dicey.  Sexual pleasure is lost, which leads to Joe finding her own personal Fight Club and hiring translators to hook her up with Africans and before we know it, Joe has become a Soprano and is grooming a freaky eared nymph to take her place, and her man.And then Seligman takes off his pants.There is so much going on here and yet none of it ever feels necessary.  It is all just there to make your eyes hurt (they will hurt) and the film&#8217;s primary point seems to center on how Joe&#8217;s disturbing actions are all validated because men are disgusting pigs and she is living in the repressed guilt of her of desires, but it&#8217;s not that simple and yet von Trier never steps back from his own visual shockfest long enough to try and actually develop these themes.  Instead he&#8217;d rather show us a bunch of genitalia and sexual acts and then force feed us a finale that feels appropriate ONLY because the film pretty much sets us up for a cop-out ending.There is such a thing as being bold and fearless, and &#8216;Nymphomaniac&#8217; is both of those things, but it is also soulless and hollow, and when you are both of THOSE things, bold and fearless will only harm you.
It's hard to judge from the current state of the project, but my 3-year-old did stay interested even with just the storyboards. However, I'm not convinced this story or these characters will stick with him the next time we choose something to watch.
I've only seen the pilot and one other show in this series, but I don't get it. Why in the world would we want to watch a show at night that reminds of the news from Congress during the day?
There are bad movies that make you angry. There are bad movies that make you laugh. And then... there are bad movies that make you feel a little depressed and icky, but mostly just bored."The Canyons" is the last kind -- a hollow low-budget melodrama that begins and ends with empty pretension. It has roughly the same kind of story (shallow rich people, sex, murder) that Bret Easton Ellis has been writing for the past several decades, centering on a rapidly deteriorating Lindsay Lohan and her smoker's croak.Rich brat/movie producer Christian (James Deen) is in a relationship with Tara (Lohan), an aging party-girl who desperately wants the financial security he gives her. Every night, Christian brings in other people (both male and female) to have sex with Tara while he watches, and sometimes they participate in group sex.Tara convinces Christian to cast struggling actor/bartender Ryan (Nolan Gerard Funk) in his latest schlock movie -- without mentioning that Ryan is her ex-boyfriend, and that she's having a secret affair with him. But Christian suspects what Tara and Ryan are up to -- and he sets out to destroy his rival in any way possible. Even murder.Even before it was made, "The Canyons" was overshadowed by the forces behind it -- it was written by Ellis, directed by Richard Schrade, and starred the perennial train-wreck Lindsay Lohan in her "comeback." What was more, the movie was funded by Kickstarter and distributed on VOD. This movie could have been on the vanguard of the new wave of entertainment production...... but to do that, it would have to be good. And it's not. Instead it feels like Ellis is running on empty, so he's regurgitating pallid knockoffs of the shocking, controversial kind of stories that he's written about in his books. It's like a Xerox of a Xerox of a Xerox, and it just leaves me wondering why he was so desperate to make this movie.Bless Richard Schrader, he's trying to do SOMETHING with this mess, but doesn't seem to know what. The plot aimlessly wanders around, following Tara and Christian in their little cat-and-mouse game, having awkwardly unsexy sex and boring us into a stupor with the stilted, hackneyed dialogue. As the final indignity, they try to throw "twists" into it, but they are either nonsensical or predictable.So it's a bad movie. But it's not the hilariously awful, awkward train-wreck that people wanted. It's too good to be hilarious like "The Room," but too bad to be watchable.It's also kind of sad that the best performance (no double-entendre intended) comes from a porn actor. Actually, James Deen is really, really good as Christian -- a cold, dead-eyed sociopath who has wells of white-hot fury inside him. He loves no one, and sees everyone who isn't easily controllable (like Tara) as an obstacle.Sadly, Deen is the best actor here. Funk is painfully out of his depth here. And Lohan is effectively playing herself, though not very well -- an aging, damaged party girl who lives off the largesse of rich men because she couldn't cut it as an actress. You can practically see her crumbling away in front of your eyes, with her ravaged face and croaking voice. It adds a poignancy to her performance that her affected acting sadly can't supply."The Canyons" is a movie that feels like a halfhearted effort from everyone involved, except the scarily empty-eyed Deen. It's not bad enough to be entertaining, and too bad to be enjoyable.
TV shows always seem to be an all or nothing proposition in Amazon reviews. If someone watches a show, they automatically feel that it is five star quality despite its limitations. If someone tries a show and doesn't like it, they generally relegate it to a one star status despite its good points. Don't believe it? Go to the reviews of any program you absolutely hate and look at the glowing five star reviews from its fans. In truth, most shows fall somewhere in between--not every show you watch should automatically be considered as great entertainment and not every show you dislike merits a dismissive one star. I bring this up with NBC's short lived "The Cape" for one reason--I have only heard the show described as terrific or as terrible with very little middle ground. Personally, I think the show is neither terrific nor terrible but falls into the TV netherworld of a show with potential that never really fulfilled its promise.Capitalizing on the notion that every story with comic book origins deserves a Hollywood treatment (in itself, a specious idea), "The Cape" was introduced to capture the audience left when the increasingly problematic "Heroes" left the air. But lacking that show's complex mythology and appealing cast, it was an uphill battle from the start. I do contend that the elements to have developed a successful show were all present, they were just never assembled in the right way.The Good: David Lyons was a likable lead--a family man and cop who is forced into a heroic alter ego when framed (and seemingly murdered) by the town's super villain. James Frain has a nice menace as the unstable foe. Morally corrupt Keith David and a bevy of carnival performers provide unlikely support to our new hero. And sci-fi stalwart Summer Glau is on hand as the altruistic, and completely underdeveloped, Orwell. And best of all--Vinnie Jones!The Bad: The show never loses interest in Lyons' wife and child. And, I'm sorry, they just aren't compelling characters. The show's momentum grinds to an absolute halt every time they appear. Excruciating.The Frustrating: I don't think the show ever determined what it wanted to do and is tonally all over the place. Veering from maudlin to comedic from one moment to the next does little to shore up the inconsistencies in the show. Frain, Glau, and David all have great potential--but none are given fully developed plot lines. There is simultaneously too much going on and not enough--there needed to be more focus on the elements that worked. There needed to be more emphasis on the bigger good versus evil concept as opposed to lesser stand alone episodes.With so many choices in this overcrowded genre, I don't know that "The Cape" rates particularly highly. But it is far from unwatchable and its cast is game. A show I wanted to like more than I did, it still boasts nice production values and a laugh or two--but never gelled to one cohesive vision. KGHarris, 4/11.
Boring, nothing new. One barely teen in the house along with friends and couldn't keep their attention for 5 minutes...
I'm not a King fan.  I've never read any of his books, so I'm reviewing this series on its face value.  I have no problem suspending reality for entertainment's sake.  Cover a village with a dome that seems to have been dropped out of the sky?  OK with me.  Yes the part about the cow was cheesy and not anatomically correct, and putting out a fire with a backhoe seems absurd, but that's not what makes me want to turn this off.  It's the predictability of the plot.  It's the bad acting.  It's the hard to take serious "Bruce Willis" clone.  It's the fact the story seems to be unraveling before it even got started.  I will watch the next episode, but if this is headed in a LOST direction, trust me, I'm outta the Dome.OK, so I got hooked.  Still don't quite know where the plot is going after watching all episodes.  I hate when things are inconsistent.  They drop this megabomb on the  Dome, and of course the Dome is fine, but you see outside of the Dome everything is laid to waste.  Next episode, everything outside the Dome is fine.  Inconsistent.  Still there's something compelling about the story, and besides the over-acting by "Bruce Willis" clone, the other players are compelling.  Let's see if this thing can get past the few flaws and make a real honest story out of itself.  Updated 09/06/13
I loved season one.  And like everyone else I was annoyed that it took two seasons to solve Rosie's murder.  But I was hopeful they had learned their lesson and could give me the rush of the first season without the letdown of dragging it out to another season.  They fit it all into one season, but it never had the fire of season one.
This is an interesting storyline set in an intriguing and potentially engaging environment (the Amazon).  The characters lack individual story motivation and seem one dimensional.  What was lacking was a more thorough and realistic integration of the already intriguing elements surfacing in the Amazon jungle and rivers . . . these mysteries alone would have served as the seeds of some incredible plot points.  I wanted this to be so much more than it was.  I would recommend FRINGE and PERSON OF INTEREST or WAREHOUSE 13 as excellent choices for the type of intrigue, character development, and intrigue that cement stories in your imagination.
Sorry....Im a fanatic for all period pieces series and movies...O>M>G>~~~watched the first episode...its okay if your naive, romantically starved, or a teenager and your idea of true love and history is the TWILIGHT saga....really...Costumes were a bit over the top,something Calvin Klein designed for everyone....the teenage girls hair...come on....no one spoke that way, women didnt wear their hair like that yet...the makeup...the teenage pajama parties.....Really?THEYRE ALL SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!! my goodness....Like I said...if you're very young, a new viewer to period drama, or just like watching perfect bosoms and cut young dudes run around, or just "in love with love"..Go ahead enjoy...Nothing wrong with that, ever.......BUT, if you want to view a piece worthwhile view Elizabeth with Anne-marie Duff, from BBC...or last years Vikings from the History channel....even Duchess, the movie.M.P.P.script: THEY SHOULD HAVE STAYED "BEHIND THE THRONE"..FOR TEENAGE VIEWING ONLY.
It is filmed like a video camera follows a bunch of people through their ordinary lives. I kinda wanted to keep watching until &#34;smothering happened&#34; but couldn't make it past 7:16 into the episode. I am a patient person, known for my ability to wait for hours without problem. That I could wait for more that TEN MINUTES in this series... signifies disaster.  Yelch.
I used to enjoy Anthony Bourdain but now he has become like a re run of himself but in a different place.
Somewhere in the middle of Season 3 of these series the Video presentation format got changed from 4:3 to wide-screen however the screen does not fully fit a 16:9 aspect ratio TVs and is seen to be presented in a 'windowboxed' format which I hated. I had to constantly flip my TV's aspect ratio to 'wide-screen fit' & 16:9 ratio between episodes. I even checked with my KindleFire tablet and that also suffered the same  Window boxed image quality which is why I am rating this with 3 stars. BTW Season 5 is awesome as it is available in Hi-Def!
I like "Bones". I watch it on Amazon since I don't have cable. The characters are great and i like the way they interact and even when a show story might be weak I just enjoy the conversations. The actors do a great job of portraying their characters. So why did I give this weeks show a 2? Mainly because Hodgens unequivocally states that 911 was not a conspiracy. There is no way if Hodgens really existed that he wouldn't at least keep his mind open. This is a political statement that the viewers are supposed to gobble up. Nobody wants to believe the truth.
I'll begin by saying I'm a pretty ardent Dr. Who fan since way back when (my Doctor being Tom Baker.) Accordingly, I expected more from this long-awaited and heavily promoted Part 2. It's not that it's bad; it's just not that good. Are we a little worn out with Matt Smith? I think we may be. Far be it from me - an actor - to shove someone out of a remunerative role, but Smith reached the end point of his persona, I think, in Part 1 of this Season. We've seen all his mannerisms and responses to the point where we, the audience, could probably finish writing each episode's script after the first three minutes.As to the new Companion...hmmmmn. I'm not liking her. She lacks the off-center, working class cheek of Donna Noble, the vulnerable all-new-to-me aura of Rose, the wounded, loyal ferocity of The Girl Who Was Left Behind. Clara's story got off to a good start, with a Who is she, really? premise - and then disappeared into a confusing set of mixed signals. Clara's gee whiz-this is so-fabulous stare is not convincing, since a canny competence underlies it; she masters adventure and danger all too easily. And - call me cynical - but might there be an off-screen romance between her and Matt Smith? Those entre nous glances are all too frequent. Whether the actors are sharing a joke at the audience's expense or are simply sharing each other, something - something un-actor-ly - is bleeding onto the set.Sometimes the Who seasons get off to rocky starts and take a while to sort themselves out, so I'll keep watching. (Well, I bought the season, anyway.) But this is only a Part 2 half-season; so the sorting out better be fast and strong, or this may be the season I turn into an ex-Whovian.
Every one of the high praise reviews MUST be planted by those who will gain from selling this fiasco.It was disappointing on EVERY possible level of film making and the most expensive rental I've every made the mistake of buying.I only watched the entire mess in hopes that the ending would answer the question posed, but it leaves the viewer twisting in the wind.
Vanishing On 7th Street had a lot of possibilities, but it was done so narrow-mindedly, that the film just becomes a complete waste of time. First, we are rushed into the heart of the story, without any background or character development. Then, within twenty minutes, we're thrown ahead three days, leaving us with many questions that are never answered. Finally, after an hour of typical frantic people stuck in an impossible situation, we get an ending that just doesn't fit. I was attracted to this film by its clever title and by Hayden Christensen, who I believe to be a very underrated actor, but I was highly disappointed. Vanishing On 7th Street is rushed, sloppy, predictable, and full of plot holes. To me this seemed more like a rough draft than a full length feature film, it really just wasn't very good.
Good
It was an interesting video that gave a really interesting view about living in today's world. If you tend to have a closed mind, trust me this is not for you. You may go insane with laughter or overwhelming fear. But don't knock it until you really see it. You might have to watch it more than three times to get the message it is trying to give you. And you may not have the capacity to believe it ( I don't Yet, but it makes sense on a certain level). The video itself was okay, it's documentary approach was weird. It's Believe-ability is up to you.
I'm not a traveler, so I thought I would enjoy seeing locales around the world. However, so many of the participants complain about this, that and the other and how small spaces are compared to where they are from, that it's a total turn off.
We couldn't finish the 26 min episode (stopped 12 mins in). It was just too unnecessarily vulgar. I guess some people will tune in just for that. To each, their own
This show is a blatant rip off of Tosh.0. And this show is just not as funny personally. I could not get into it, his show with his bodyguard was probably the best. He has tried to branch off into too much and it just isn't as good.
Dull and uninspired script can't be saved by a likable cast.  Honestly, I wanted to like this, but it was rather dull and I kept waiting for it to get better, be more clever, have something emotionally bonding I could relate to, but it just coasted slowly along until the predictable ending.  David Tennant's character wasn't particularly likable as the insecure one-hit writer.  The two women he ends up choosing between are both very pleasant, attractive, and decent--which was a nice change from the usual tripe of the snooty, spoiled actress vs. the sincerely lovable shopgirl.  He was simply out of his league with the actress and finally realized the shopgirl was a better match.  Ho Hum.  I like David Tennant in his other work, but he brought nothing new or appealing to this film.  It was if he was on holiday and just walked through the role.  I wonder if he was bored with the script, too?
The original idea for the series wasn't particularly novel but the execution was pretty sharp. The first series was worth watching - tightly scripted, nicely directed, the actors not too wooden. But the second series rapidly deteriorated into the stock North American Soap Standard with a drawn-out master plot, lots of small sub-themes (many of which failed to be developed adequately) and worst of all, the old clich&eacute; of key characters being related to each other. What is it with North American soaps? Why does everyone have to be related to everyone else? It's boring, trite, and doesn't advance the storyline at all. By the end of the second series we have too many characters with too many sub-plots and not enough primary interest. So what could have been a nice tight series has degenerated into a long-drawn-out morass simply because writers get stale, ideas get recycled (I suppose it counts for "green eco-consciousness" to re-use second-hand plot lines and character arcs...), and the whole thing becomes very tedious indeed. Sadly what could have been a nice series has become very predictable, very boring, and without sufficiently interesting lead characters to compel anyone to stick with it. Watch the first few episodes of the first series and then pretend it was cancelled - that way you'll have enjoyed the best and avoided the worst.
From what I saw in the preview, I have no intention of watching more of Mozart in the Jungle.  Too confusing and dark.
The premise is fresh (astronauts land on Europa looking for life), and the science and plot are quite good, although it obviously was low-budget.  Unfortunately the dialog is the usual corny geek-speak (&#34;commencing egress&#34;) and the characters are constantly throwing switches and yelling at each other, in typical Hollywood melodrama which irritates me no end.  But the actors are solid and you feel for them.  Definitely worth seeing.
Clear their heart isn't in it. I feel bad. It used to be a show I loved to hate, then, it started to morph into something better. I feel bad for no longer liking it.
The show had very good video streaming I found the show a little long without any excitement. I guess I was hoping for that buried treasure of gold .
The characters are good, but Dennis Quaid has two facial expressions - tight-lipped and tighter-lipped. It's rather slow to get moving, but interesting enough that I'll keep with it.
The subject is unique although at times it seems so implausible. The creators of the show are unable to make it seem believable.
The Wahlburgers seem down to earth for how much they're worth. Cool Irish Americans like myself. Seems like you could have a beer and a laugh with them but the episodes repeat themselves and are a bit corny at times. Mostly about light drama and ribbing each other. I think every episode has brushed on family dinners at the table. It's just not that appealing really. My wife likes it more than me.
Maybe it's the formula of every episode, or maybe it's just that the show has gone on too long and has gotten tired -- whatever it is, I just don't enjoy it like I did early on. I do continue to like &#34;Jane&#34; and I hope the actress finds another series where she can display her talents, but the other actors are only so-so. I would have given the first couple of seasons five stars.
I wanted to like this show so much, but the recipes are so far off the mark of what I imagined would come from a Pioneer Woman's kitchen (vegetables, meat, unprocessed cooking tips) I simply could not. Even though the host was sweet and charming, her food was absolutely full of sugar and chemicals. There was a point during one episode when they were camping out when she was making banana boats (?) for her kids that I was stunned. I get that everyone needs a treat now and again, but her show is loaded with high calorie, high sugar, sweets. This show should be named The Sugar Woman.
This is a well crafted show with good performances and an okay script.  I made it thru the fifty minutes of this episode but was not intrigued enough to return to it.  I guess I have seen one too many shows like this with a hard boiled detective who is dedicated to doing justice but whose flaws get in the way of his own life.  This is one of the better examples of that genre but I want to see something that reinvents the game.
This is just a generic, cookie cutter adventure series with the Marvel name slapped on it. The sole connection to the Marvel universe is the character of Coulson, who otherwise brings nothing to the show. There are occasional gratuitous references to the Avengers and the invasion of New York.The rest of the characters are stereotypes and none of the actors are convincing in these roles. Not only are they too young to possess the skills they pretend to have, their acting is wooden and the chemistry among the cast non-existent.
Did the producer have tough time keeping the old stars under the dome? and decided to keep killing them one by one all in the first episode of season 2 or this is going to be a trend wherein people just keep getting killed and new one emerge from water, air, sky...automagically by the magnetic cosmic mumbo jumbo with no earthly explanation whatsoever. Sort of disappointing so far as we progress into season 2... If this trend continues... I may just decide to blow the dome with sledgehammer and switch to something else that has less killing and more sensible and explainable Sci-Fi under the sky.
Here's another promising show that got short shrift from the television network. PARADOX aired across the pond in 2009 on the BBC. Set and shot in Manchester, England, this DVD package is appropriately of a Region 2 persuasion. Too bad the show's deaders. When you've got British sci-fi television fare as freewheeling and in your face as DOCTOR WHO, TORCHWOOD, and PRIMEVAL, it's difficult to compete when your schtick is plodding police procedural and slow burn gratification. LIFE ON MARS, a fellow sci-fi police drama, was able to get away with a minimalist sci-fi premise. But PARADOX was too stingy for too long with reveals concerning those overarching conundrums. The plug was pulled before it found its audience. Like me. I stumbled across it in tardy fashion. Maybe there isn't a Subway franchise in Britain with which its fans can launch a last ditch save-the-show campaign.There are elements here of 24 and FlashForward and even MINORITY REPORT. It offers plenty of mind-warping philosophical and moral quandaries for us to wrap our heads around. Only, I wish there were more of them water cooler moments. Me springing from common denominator viewership, I don't get upset when you ding my brain pan with questions of morality and proper ethics and quantum mechanics, but you best give me the fancy explosions as well. I am shallow and, sad to say, folks like me are legion. In my eyes, PARADOX needed a bit more flash and a more accelerated pace.Five hour-long episodes, totaling 294 minutes, comprise the entire series, and the first episode does offer fireworks. At 2:33am, a series of fragmented images, revealing a massive explosion, are transmitted from the depths of outer space, manifesting on the display screen of space physicist Christian King (Emun Elliott). But the time stamp on the images suggests that the catastrophic event has yet to happen, eighteen hours away. Now a team of police investigators, eyebrows skeptically arched and led by DI Rebecca Flint (a commanding Tamzin Outhwaite), must race against time to avert a potential disaster. As they analyze the mysterious images for long shot leads, it gradually dawns on them that maybe, just maybe, this isn't a prank, that perhaps these images are really from the future. Some react to this epiphany with wide-eyed wonder and excitement. Some are absolutely horrified.Besides the space scientist's dubious assistance - Dr. King is a distant and disdainful git - DI Flint is supported by straight arrow DC Callum Gada (Chike Okonkwo) and loose cannon DS Ben Holt (Mark Bonnar), Flint's off-again, on-again flame. There's a chance that PARADOX over-indulges on the juicy soap opera elements. It's interesting, though, that further episodes go on to challenge the viewer's initial perception of these characters. As the investigating team learns, there's nothing like being exposed to the truth of predestination to rock your foundations and shift your beliefs some. I love that the climax to the first episode doesn't give us the ending we expect. This adds a fascinating dimension of uncertainty to the show. And as a tease to the second episode, we glimpse a new batch of disturbing images streaming on the space scientist's screen.I happen to love this particular sci-fi gimmick. This isn't time travel, but it's the next best thing: a dark message from the future. These five episodes raise those familiar questions: Is the future set in stone? By attempting to change the future, do you, in effect, bring about the very event you were trying to change? These questions have been explored before in other similar shows; there's nothing really new here, from that aspect. Part of the fun is in piecing these fragmented images together so that they finally coalesce into a cohesive narrative. Intriguingly, the team won't have a 100% success rate. I did enjoy the characters' frequently adversarial interactions and the arcs they individually undergo, and how very quickly they venture beyond their lawful jurisdiction. What dropped the ball for me was the plodding pace and the unimaginative police procedural bits. And because the ratings were utterly dismal, PARADOX, lacking enough of those fancy bells and whistles, got the axe before we learn the secrets behind it all. Where do these images originate from? What does it mean when a future suggested by these images is thwarted? How does episode five's bloody cliffhanger ending resolve? You'll just have to shrug it off and move on. If you're one of them types what gets fixated on stuff like that, then I don't recommend trying out PARADOX. Me, I'm still trying to get over the brutal, frustrating demise of POPULAR and EARTH-2 and SPACE: ABOVE AND BEYOND and TRU CALLING and SURVIVORS and... Hell, it's a long list.The 2-disc DVD set's bonus stuff:- "Prometheus Bound" - exploring the set of the Prometheus lab (00:07:10 minutes)- "The Big Bang" - Episode One behind-the-scenes shooting of the explosive scene in which a petrol tanker crashes into a bridge (00:06:29 minutes)
First one or two episodes were sort of interesting, but then, the sillies set in. If paranoia is your thing, then you will love this. The usual liberal plot of big bad greedy guys who control world events to make themselves richer. Of course the biggest bad guy is X CIA, who else? The &#34;good guy&#34;, also X CIA, is gay (is that saying something about the writers?). The amount of surveillance portrayed would require an army of people to monitor and maintain all the bugs. Any intelligence agency would love to have the super small devices shown, that somehow seem to function without any visible power source.  All in all, very stupid. Hope I don't get a four leaf clover in the mail over this.
This is a movie about the actress Linda Boreman Marchiano who starred in the classic porn film of the seventies Deep Throat. Amanda Seyfried stars as Linda who as a impressionable young woman is enticed by smooth talker Chuck Traynor who she marries. But marriage is not an escape or happiness for Linda who is forced by Traynor to star in Deep Throat a low budget porno film that turns her into a celebrity overnight and Traynor into a monster and abuses her regularly both physically and by pimping her for money. The film is about her life pre- and post Deep throat and then her eventual divorce with Traynor. Her later years and activism are highlighted but somehow the film does not manage to connect even though Seyfried and Sarsgaard try very hard.
This is typical filler for those times when there is nothing else to present on TV. This is a standard soap opera with a few not to many quasi-sci-fi visions sprinkled in with no logic.Michelle Ryan is cute but there are a lot of cute actresses. I wish her luck in finding a vehicle with redeeming social value and not this mindless rehash of old plots.
It's hard for me to rate this season. Overall it's great, as good as any of them. I do have one problem, which is the episode 'The Case Of The Missing Will'. They did a fine job on the episode, and it was quite entertaining, and yet if I could rate the episodes individually that one would only get one star. Why? For the simple reason that they threw Agatha Christie's story in the trash and wrote their own. The 'Missing Will' of the series has absolutely nothing to do with the original, nothing at all.Other than that I would gladly give this season five stars.
I thought the premise was kind of trying to play off Homeland (American traitors living among us, etc.).I really didn't think it was that good and probably won't watch any more episodes.
The topic is fascinating but the main character comes off as such an arrogant, egotistical jerk, I can hardly make it through an entire episode.  The writers have missed an opportunity to create a unique product.
I haven't had a chance to watch all the episodes yet...but it is an interesting premise and plotline.  The stories are good and the actors do a good job.
I am very open minded when it comes to movies in general and indie films.  And I am a huge Willam Dafoe fan as he is a great actor, but this movie was a tragic waste of time, space and MONEY.  I can't believe I paid $6.99 to watch this terrible movie!  The script was terrible, character development poor, acting okay and there were NO special effects for an end of war movie.  Throughout this film, I could not help that this was a political (global warming, save the planet) infomercial.That said, save your time and money on this one...not worth watching!
Like the Chicago scenes, but every episode seems like the last. Jennifer Beals looks great and she has her moments of acting.
I'm sorry. I so wanted to like this show since Bebe Neuwirth is starring! But I could not make it past the first scene when she broke out into song. For reference, I don't watch "Glee" or "Smash" either so this just may not be my thing.
This is a terrible movie after watching it I wished I had not wasted the time.
I did not appreciate the language. right from the start they were taking the Lord's name in every sentence it seemed. We might have watch maybe 5 minutes of it. That was more than we cared for!
I have read many reviews stating how great, wonderful, etc. this show is based on just one episode.  I simply was not impressed.The acting, special effects, and pace of the episode were fine, but nothing impressive.  Especially when compared against other genre shows like Orphan Black, Defiance, Continuum, and Doctor Who.While I like Halle Berry as an actress her performance here was flat in my opinion.  I did not find her character engaging in the least.There are a host of movies that have done similar base stories to her character and many have done it far better.The secondary story with the android child is nothing more than an A.I. rehash with a slightly darker overtone.I will probably binge watch this series when the full season comes on Amazon Prime or Netflix, but I won't waste money purchasing it now.Given the producers involved this should have been much, much more than a rehash of previously done sci-fi.
The opening to &#34;Adult World&#34; is enough to let you know what you're in for as you witness Amy attempt to commit suicide by sticking her head in the oven and putting a plastic bag over her head. After getting a job at Adult World, Amy's boss is a very down to earth guy named Alex (Evan Peters) who may work at an adult video store, but has no issue with that whatsoever and he doesn't let that affect his other interests. It's through Alex and Adult World that Amy meets a drag queen named Rubia (Armando Riesco) and even though they get off on the wrong foot they eventually become really good friends.Unfortunately Amy is blinded by selfishness and obsessed with a pessimistic hack. Amy makes a series of poor decisions to try and follow her dream of becoming a poet. She makes childish mistakes, but then becomes upset when someone calls her a child. She's irritating, has a nerve-grating voice, is naive, and extremely pompous as she seems to look down on everyone around her. Alex at least seems normal even though he works in what some would consider an uncomfortable environment, but the most interesting character is Rubia. The character really doesn't do much other than smoke pot, ride a stolen bicycle, and give other women makeovers, but Rubia never pretends to be anything that she isn't. Amy asks Rubia in one scene if she has ever felt invisible. Rubia's face distorts as she says, &#34;Not really.&#34; It's as if Rubia has all the attention she's ever wanted while Amy continues to search for the big break she's always craved.If you can persevere through Amy's temper tantrums and John Cusack acting like he has no interest in being in &#34;Adult World,&#34; then there actually is something really positive and inspirational lying under layers within the film. Like &#34;Inside Llewyn Davis,&#34; &#34;Adult World&#34; seems to speak to you if you've ever felt like a struggling artist. Along the way, Amy learns that it's not just about making a name for yourself, getting rich, or becoming famous. You can't make a carbon copy of the path your idol took or follow in anyone else's footsteps. Sometimes you have to take your own path and create your art just for you.&#34;Adult World&#34; has this really exceptional message wrapped up in this unbelievably obnoxious package that almost makes the entire experience unbearable. It's like a really disgusting bag of garbage filled with rotting produce and decomposing meats; the type of garbage that creates that dirty, brown trash juice you always find bleeding out of dumpsters. Yet in the middle of that bag is something worthwhile like a forgotten treasure map or one of your favorite comic books magically still in mint condition. &#34;Adult World&#34; may have meaning, but you have to trudge through waist deep piles of unfiltered, prepubescent, overdramatic whimpering just to get to it.
Don't be fooled by any good reviews....This is definitely the WORST piece of garbage I have ever seen...No explanation, no closure...Just one of those endings that not only gives ZERO explanation of WTF just happened!!!...Not even slight innuendo, I am truly shocked at just how bad this was
There are no surprises in this Law and Order series with predictable plots and characters except for a little more sunshine, LA location wise.  Now that "Criminal Intent" is off the air and "SVU" has become wooden, that is, everyone is phoning in their performances, I don't see this West Coast version coming up with anything fresh.  After a lot of years, I am crying "Uncle!".  Not even $1.99 per episode can entice.  I would rather be reading a good book.
Are they really singing? Really? Maybe that's just the opening or something, maybe that's the last of the singing. Nope! Singing again, aannnd, I'm done with this show.
A run of the mill SiFy &#34;the world is coming to an end because those guys are experimenting with stuff they should leave alone.&#34; Its a cross between Andromeda Strain and the original &#34;The Thing&#34; which were far superior to this and the hundreds of copy cats that have followed.
This series has lost it's appeal.
I watch the first episode and just could not follow it long enough to become interested in this show. Seems like a good production, just not my flavor.
This is a new series only two episodes deep. I find it entertaining although a bit far-fetched.  Good casting and cinematography.  The special-effects are also good.I only gave it three stars because the series is so new, I do not know where it's going yet.  If this one turns out to be another show like LOST, where they're searching, searching, searching and never finding anything, I won't continue.
An interesting comedy about a woman whose husband, a renowned butter sculpture retires and interferes with her plans for the Whitehouse. She ends up competing with her own butter skills against the talents of a displaced child.Just a tad over done with the potty mouth used as comedy. At least it was not slapstick except for a traffic encounter.On the positive side is the movie is packed with excellent actors that know how to make you see the characters that they are playing.Too bad the real sculptures only get credit in the closing credits.Destiny asks Brooke (Olivia Wilde) a person of ill repute "Where do you work?"" Barns and Noble." I have gained a new respect for books.
Reality check here! Nothing is actually solved, no one is identified and there is no 'closure.' Given the same information, what would your 'guess' be? Obviously murder lurks unsolved and foreboding, who committed the crime, where and with what? Ah! Perhaps  it was Mrs. Peacock in the library with a candlestick . . . or could it be Colonel Mustard in the kitchen with a knife? There would appear to be no doubt as to why this series was canceled or is there? Have some funky fun and find your own answer!
This show seems to be puttering out. Performance are getting stale and so are the characters.Barney was one of my favorites, now I feel like I can quote his lines before he says them.And Ted. Oh man, please, somebody shoot that character. So annoying. The worst kind of character. One that Says NO to everything and is a roadblock in moving the story forward.But, I still watch the damn thing. Cause they got me hooked.So, it's okay.
I am wondering does the film crew set up the storage lockers and put interesting finds in them to entertain the audience? Is the conflict between buyers manufactured? If I bought a locker would there be such great stuff in them, I doubt it. And once you buy stuff you need to sell it, putting a value on an item is not what an item really sells for, right. I still enjoy watching it just to be entertained.
there are some pretty good episodes in this season, but the only thing is it is the same exact one's they show on cable, I hate that I spend money on this, its season 25 and they only have like seasons 19-25, what the hell happened to the first 18 seasons then??? that's ridiculous seriouslyevery week I remember one of my new or old favorite tv shows that I want to watch so I come onto amazon to buy the season....after this bull though, im done, not going to be buying anything from amazon streaming anymore now.amazon wants to be so stupid and cheap to have seasons 19-25 but not the first 18, that's what happens when your cheap!! people leave and take their money with them
I've only watched 4 episodes so far. If it continues to build and go somewhere, it could become 4 stars. We'll see. It's an interesting concept. The acting is satisfactory. The production value is acceptable. So, again, we'll see. I'm hopeful.
Samantha (Najarra Townsend) part time lesbian and drug user gets slipped a roofie at a party and has unprotected car sex. The next few days, Sam gets progressively worse as she seems to have the worse STD on the planet. The story is about her getting sick and attempting to cope with life while trying to conceal an illness. I kept waiting for an alien to pop out of her and all I got were maggots.The disease was never explained. I thought Ms. Townsend did an excellent job and I would love to see her in something that has a plot worth watching. The plot ran around in circles and never went anywhere until the end when it got silly.Written, produced, and directed by Eric England.  Works as a rental. Don't expect horror. More of a drama/thriller.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex. Brief male rear nudity.
This show has not developed the way it needs to in order for succeeding years.
I can't believe I forced myself to finish the first season's 13 shows.  I think it was the fascination of just how terrible this series is in so many ways that it's amazing and drove me here to write a review.  Where to begin?  How about the cast and acting?  Where in h#@@ (pun intended) did they get these actors from - some community college acting class?  Except for Terry O', the acting was beyond awful.  And so badly cast that it made me laugh out loud several times.  Then there's the writing; wow, I don't recall hearing such mundane lines in a long time.  Actors walk into a room several times and ask, &#34;What are you doing?&#34;  What are you watching?&#34;  Are you kidding me?  There's no other way to evoke curiosity?  The sets were so fake, it was fascinating.  And if you are going to use CGI badly, don't use it at all.  The plot, at times, held promise, but that quickly disintegrated in a series of laughable twists.  Honestly, I got so many laughs from this series, so it  wasn't a complete waste of time.
I'm a HUGE NCIS fan, but just cannot buy in to NCIS: LA.  Not sure if its the acting or the &#34;missions&#34;, it just doesn't seem fitting.  I purchased the episoide when Hawaii Five-0 comes to the main land to catch a criminal.  Great episode, just still can't get into the NCIS LA series
Season 1 still got me watching and still watching cos amazons is awesome, stop watching tv but paying to watch this show;)
I found the acting and the visual presentation first rate. I was almost disappointed when the coincidence of birthdays and creepy crawly monster entered the story. A bit formulaic. But, of course, I'll watch future episodes. The characters are compelling so one want's to see how they work it all out.
It has been done far too many times now; it is no longer (if it ever were) cutting edge.  A banal re-hash of &#34;dark, meaningful, intrigue and serious comedy&#34;; fairly well acted and designed but intensely boring (See! I can use ironic effect too!).
A slow abstract meditation on death that is not at all entertaining.  You're probably not going to actually like this, or glean much from it.  Don't feel guilty.  Just because a movie like this is generally unwatchable and quite impenetrable doesn't make it high art.  I submit that you that this is really just fetishistic weirdness dressed up as sophisticated musing.
This was a pilot on Amazon...it was a bit slow to start, but as the show continued it became more interesting and some creative humor was introduced. As the show was coming to an end there were some surprises that I did not see coming and left me with a bit of shock, but a good belly laugh....
With so much hype and talent on board, I was hoping for a much better product.  Spectacular Spider-man was great and way too short...I am still watching them every few months.  Ultimate Spider-man has too many different styles, and too much story jammed in this, to makes it any fun.  Shield, highschool, electric webs?  a spider-cycle...c'mon!  The greatest hero in the world swings around NYC not rides a motorcycle!  Some of the fights have been good, but the quiet story parts are uninteresting.  Marvel please look at Young Justice to see how a good cartoon is made or bring back Spectacular Spider-man.  Spidey deserves a good cartoon....please, please, please....
I like Jeffrey Tambor and many of the other actors but the story was interesting.  Too many distractions and no point.
I have more energy to work out when listening to great upbeat music. But the &#34;plot&#34; is going downhill from it's previous low.
Dragging on, needs to make a move and show life outside the dome. Can't makeup it's mind if it wants  to be a juvenile show or an adult show.
We chose this movie for family night and about 1/3 of the way through it stopped; wouldn't play past about 30 minutes in and reloading the movie didn't help. I chatted with Fani and she refreshed the movie - don't know what that means - but whatever she did caused the movie to play past the stopping point just to stop again but this time I was able to get it to play on. Of course by this time family night had degenerated and everyone was off doing something else.The one thing I came away with in this movie was why didn't Paul make an appearance to show support for her in this documentary - I mean - she was a faithful and loyal employee for eleven years protecting each of their names - someone it seems that any employer would be thankful for, even after when she could've "told all" she kept quiet about all she had seen and heard. Richard made an appearance. A lot of the glow around Paul's head has disappeared.
I think this show is an okay show to watch. People went through some things and survived which I think is great. Even though some people don't go through as much as others, but still they survived. The reason I rated it okay because to me, it can get boring fairly quickly.
Shallow Bio's to much WWII revisionist histrionics. Lot'a old footage seen a 1000 times.  Not a scholarly epic.
This is your typical organized crime film where competing families play &#34;King of the Hill.&#34; You get the feeling of deja vu when you watch it.It includes, paid off cops, hits, drugs, prostitution, betrayals and an odd scene where they force the ambassador of Ghana to open a casino in his embassy. This film doesn't bring anything new to the table, except the Japanese &#34;honorably&#34; cut off their own finger rather than have someone else do it to them. With the film being run of the mill crime action, the English subtitles was a big negative as it was apparent they were lazy and didn't translate everything.Parental Guide: F-bomb, token sex and nude scene.
This show makes the list of the "could have been great" TV series!Good actors and great idea.......But once again simple-minded and "same-old, same-old" story-lines killed it.How in the world can the big studios not come up with better stuff than this,when they have such an original concept in their hands?
And so here we are in the sixth episode of the season and each week it has become more and more difficult to watch. It is the same old tired thing. Kody's confused, Mari is indecisive, Robyn is clueless, Janelle feels lost and Kristine is floating out there. This episode was painful to watch. It is obvious from those of us watching that Mari does not want to have another child but is too much of a coward to come out and say it. We keep hearing about how money is so important to them, but each wife has moved into a McMansion. Kody continues to be useless except to knock people up. Although, if the wives want to start a business, they might want to think of Kody hair care products. I keep waiting for Kristine or Janelle to say "I'm outta here." The kids are coming across as complete brats. To top it off we got the creep factor of having to hear about Robyn's 'first time." Can we say too much information!! If Kody and his wives relationships are sooooo bad, may I suggest they stop doing this show and start focusing back on themselves. Will be canceling the rest of my paying season!
PLOT SPOILER ALERT!I don't get the 4 and 5 star reviews.  Is this depressing film an apocalyptic fable, or a cautionary tale, or "when the world comes to an end, you still have each other and your love"?  Perhaps the first two, definitely not the last "love" scenario. As far as leaving the theater and being filled with life, someone spiked your Pepsi.If the director & writer were intending to do a somewhat realistic film, and not a fantasy, then they failed.  They have given us a virus that first knocks out your sense of smell, then taste, then hearing, then sight, and finally (not shown in the film) your sense of touch.  "Love" as an outward display of affection, is non-existent in a world where you cannot smell, taste, hear, see, or touch the one you love.  It is not the "Perfect Sense", it is not even a sense.  What is left is a feeling/emotion called "love" that was derived from the senses, and absent the five senses becomes a memory.The logical conclusion of this movie is that the human population becomes extinct.  Each person dies because of starvation or suicide, alone -- probably in fear.  After that, there is not even the memory of "love" on this planet.  The only way our two protagonists could have ended this tragic movie with "love", was if -- while they still had their sense of touch -- they took cyanide and hugged and kissed good-bye.I gave this film 3 stars because Ava Green is worth watching in any film.  She does her best acting when she has no make-up on.  (Bet you thought I was going to say something else.)This is not a film you will watch more than once.
This show seemed like it had a lot of potential, but really fell short of my expectations. I thought Garry Tradeau might be able to put together a good story, but clearly his limits are confined to comic strips. The best part about the pilot was the Bill Murray cameo. Unfortunately, it doesn't sound like he will be a recurring character. The humor really fell flat, and seemed forced at times. Knowing Tradeau's comic strip, I was expecting him to take partisan shots at the GOP. It is really unoriginal, and an expected par for the course. It would have been interesting for him to think outside the box of his own political views, but that would require a much sharper mind. Also, Senators do not live like that in DC. Representatives will often times sleep in their offices in DC, but I have certainly never heard of a Senator rooming with three others. There is a serious lack of beltway and political knowledge on display in this show. Maybe "Veep" has set the bar too high for political comedies. I am a DC resident and political junkie, which is partly why I had hoped this would be a new show to watch. Nice try. Next.
if your interested in watching a woman whine like a little kid this might be the show for you.  I think my wife likes to watch it just to enjoy someone else go through pain.
It's run it's course and needs to end.  I only gave it 3 stars because the performances are good... the storyline is just dull.
I do not get the point of this movie. It was not funny or sexy, the soundtrack was ok, but the story-line was depressing. If I had friends like these I wouldn't invite them over for dinner never mind a wedding.
Breaks the first rule of good story telling, namely telling.  Explains everything, showing noting.  Cutesy isn't necessary for kids.  Cutesy is what adults create for kids because adults think kids are cute.  Kids don't think of themselves as cutesy.  They appreciate silly humor and things they can identify with.  Stop explaining everything, just show it.  Kids will get it.
OK. I watched all 4 seasons that are available. This sums them all up for me.This show is about 3 LA women who find themselves in Cleveland, OH, and stay to start a new life. Well . . . that is what we are led to believe. But as the Betty White character states in one of the later seasons the 3 LA women actually are in Cleveland to get "laid" because there is too much competition in LA. The first season was fresh, original, and funny. There was the down to earth do gooder character. There were the supportive friend scenes as we learn of each characters' past. There were the funny outrageous comments from the vain shallow character. And there were the laugh out loud tell em like it is comments from Betty White's character. I mean she calls them out for dressing like "prostitutes" etc. You see all the actress's former co-workers from other sitcoms appear in each episode which is fun.Then you get to the second season and beyond. These seasons plowed up the foundation laid in the first season. I guess they ran out of steam. Or maybe they wanted to sell out and just stay on the air by appealing to the trashy audience that definitely exists and eats up the garbage this show became. The second, third an dfourth seasons were nothing but people jumping in and out of bed with each other, sexual innuendo about everything, people lying and cheating and stealing, and Betty White's character transforming into some sick person's sick joke of a vision of what an elderly funny character would be. The show could have been set in LA for anyone knew at this point as it was just trashy Californians behaving trashy. The weird thing was there was even an episode to mimic Sex in the City. It was definitely Sex In the City--3 women casually sleeping around and then in the end of the episode whining and commiserating about how they have no sanity tho their lives and wonder why. also the 3 main characters just looked old, fat, and tired in the later seasons. One's hair got so light she was almost blond. The others got so dark that they didn't look like themselves. Valerie Bertinelli looks horrible in season 4. She looks like she is having a really bad pregnancy. Even her hair looks bad . . . . But we are supposed to think that all these young fit youngs want to bed her and stay by her side the next day. Not. They sit Betty Whit eon the sofa with her jacket or shirt riding up in the back like she has been propped up for the scene.The later seasons, to me, appeared to be gay centric in humor. Humor that I have heard from hardcore gays and you see in their tv shows and movies. And while watching the credits I saw who was actually directing it and knew immediately where this influence was coming from. I mean even 3 trashy straight women wouldn't go the direction this influence took them.There are these typical "behind the scenes" episodes that appear in each season. They are basically the same and make you think they just want to have a fun-day at work or something. But then again the people who are behind the scenes force their chance to appear in front of the camera. That is VERY obvious. And there are the sickening "we love each other" and "we respect each other" stock speeches. They are just goofy.Anyway the show is typical American garbage TV that can be skipped. Just a show about animalistic behavior created by trained monkeys.
Not a great series, but passable.  The plot is interesting but the acting is mediocre.  Just not enough nuanced character development.  Moreover, the twists are so predictable that they no longer count as twists.  I would skip this series had I not begun it.
Are you ready for another R-rated comedy from Seth Rogen (&#34;Knocked Up&#34; and &#34;Superbad&#34;)? If so, you know exactly what to expect, particularly when it's directed by Nicholas Stoller (&#34;Get Him to the Greek&#34;). Yup, raunchy, puerile and loaded with endless drug use, excessive drinking, outrageous nudity and all kinds of sex.Peeking between our fingers, we see:* Seth Rogen (&#34;The Guilt Trip&#34;) who finds himself, along with his wife and baby girl, living next door to a party-loving fraternity. They think they can make friends and then just casually ask them to &#34;please keep it down...&#34;* Rose Byrne (&#34;Bridesmaids&#34;) is a sleep- (and sex-) deprived wife and mother, who just wants a less-noisy neighbor. She is a former potty-mouthed party girl who actually misses having a good time, but...* Elise and Zoey Vargas are the little twins who play that winning baby girl.* Zac Efron (&#34;That Awkward Moment&#34;) parties all night and swings a mean dildo.* Dave Franco (&#34;Warm Bodies&#34;) loves his fraternity but deep down, he knows the party is almost over and it's probably time to grow up.After the couple finally calls the police, and revenge kicks in, things get pretty wild. Expect standard debauchery, flashes of breasts, extended drugging/drinking scenes and gross behavior... on BOTH sides of the fence! The good news? No gunshots, vehicular mayhem or blowie uppie stuff...sigh...Full disclosure, I DID laugh a couple of times. But don't tell anyone.
We tried watching this show and it didn't pull either of us in at all. About 3/4 of the way through the first episode we agreed that this show wasn't something we were going to add to our Amazon Prime watchlist.
Not a major hit with me or anything like that, but it does have its moments and is worth checking out.
I thought this was slow. I have read the books and was very excited to watch it. I didn't finish this first episode. It just felt really slow.
An interesting concept, I didn't even know it was on broadcast TV when it was.  I think too much time was spent on Ron Livingston's soulful looks, and Laura Harris is getting too old to be simpering like an ingenue.  The flashbacks started getting irritating, too-why not just start at the beginning?  By the time I finished watching the season, I was kind of glad there wasn't a second season, though I might have watched it just to see what they'd do with the &#34;baby&#34;.
Not sure why, but I didn't find this very funny or entertaining at all.  I guess the jokes weren't very clever, the plot was unoriginal, and the characters were unrealistic.
taking too long to get into for my taste. did not watch the full first episode. but that said, could just be my taste. exceptional characters and acting and fabulous period set design and costuming.
Robin Williams is amazing I am not sure this show has any content left it is slowing down for me. It will make you laugh but every week seems to be the same stuff. I doubt I would watch a season 2 of this show.
Bad songs.  We've seen this before.I like the idea of the interns at a magazine, but it'd be much better as a comedy and lose all the songs.
Might be better if on another network, but CW so they have to turn everything into a teenybopper soap opera
I WANTED to like this show...until the &#34;black con&#34; started driveling about the &#34;black prison industrial complex.&#34; Can a few conservatives write a show for once?
I really liked this movie and wanted own a copy, what I got was a press release.  I am a little annoyed that this is all I got.  I'm currently looking at how I can delete it from my library.
I have only seen it once and I had to pay for it , so I will not watch it again
I WATCHED IT BECAUSE IT WAS GOOD . THE PEOPLE WERE COMING INTO IT KNOWING THEY WERE TO LOSE WEIGHT AND CHANGE THERE WAY OF LIVING..!!
Mike Noonan (Pierce Brosnan) a novelist with writer's block after the tragic death of his wife Jo (Annabeth Gish)  decides to get away to their summer place by a lake. He has high hopes to communicate with his wife beyond the grave and he soon starts to once he arrives. But the ghost of a dead singer, named Sara Tidwell (Anika Joni Rose) also starts to communicate with him their through an old recordplayer.He also finds himself in the middle of a custody battle between a widower, Mattie (Melissa George) and her evil father in-law Max Devore (William Schallert) when he saves Mattie's daughter from getting hit by a car. Since Max is a powerful man, he wants to bully Mike into admitting that Mattie is a bad mom and that she wasn't watching her child. In-order to help Mattie's daughter, like Jo wants him to, Mike must discover the town's dark secrets.The film is a decent adaption of the Stephen King book, but that's all director Mick Garris, is capable of, either decent adaptions, like this and the Stand or really bad ones, like Desperation. What makes Bag of Bones only decent is that it just moves along slowly with Pierce Brosnan acting pretty casual about being haunted or the other strange happenings. Melissa George acts pretty casual about the strange things going on as well. The director, takes an interesting story and manages to make it kind of dull and not even scary.I think a more talented director could have got better performances out of Brosnan and George since they aren't bad actors. Garris should only be handed King adaptions that weren't big successes. For instance, he needs to be kept away from the Dark Tower, Under the Dome, Duma Key, Insomnia, the Talisman or anything else that has potential as a movie or mini-series.
Better than Season 5, shows some greatness in some of the episodes. Impossible Astronaut & Day of the moon - great, loved River Song in both and I think Mark Sheppard as Canton Delaware III was the best new character since Captain Jack. Stuart Milligon as Richard Nixon was perfect. The Silence are really scary. -The Doctor's Wife is the best episode ever, the ideal of the TARDIS heart and soul being placed in a human being was great and the interaction between the Doctor and human female TARDIS is special. I love the part where the Doctor said's that the TARDIS didn't always take him where he wanted to go, but the human TARDIS said's that she always took him where he needed it to go.A Good MAN Goes To War is excellant, really loved the beginning with Rory on the Cyberman fleet. Loved where the Doctor yells at River "Where have you been"  The ending where the Doctor learns who River is perfect and knows he has snoged her (as the British say).Let's kill Hitler is a really good episode, I love how it shows where Mel's turns into River. I also love the shout out to Doctor # 10's companions. The interaction between River and the Doctor is amazing, how she goes from trying to kill him to saving his life and how she got her diary.Closing Time was ok, I liked the interaction between the Doctor and the baby was funning and silly and wonderful.But their were some really bad episodes in this season. The worst being -#1 The girl who waited, I mean really Amy - you had to wait 40 years, but Rory waited 2000 years in Pandorica opens and 60 years in the Doctor's Wife, Grow up Amy.#2 Night Terrors#3 & 4 The Rebel Flesh and The Almost People.#5 The God ComplexOverall a good season - worth watching.
Not much to say except this is proof of the dumbing down of our country.  I didn't finish the program.
&#34;I have a place about 30 min away, will you come with me there.&#34; A mysterious woman (Johansson) spends her nights driving around and seducing lonely men and taking them back to her place. While there though they discover she isn't what she seems. This woman is actually a visitor from another world. Slowly she begins to believe that she is actually a human and this feeling begins to change everything for her. This is a very difficult movie to explain. The best way I can do it is to say that this is a version of Species as if it was directed by Stanley Kubrick.  There is very little dialog and the movie is very deliberate in its pacing. Some if the scenes are just Johansson talking to random real people in Scotland and others are scripted but they flow together and it works. This movie isn't for the casual sci-fi fan though because it is &#34;weird&#34; for lack of a better word.  There isn't much talking, or even any real &#34;plot&#34; to speak of so that makes this very hard to talk about. If you have liked the recent Terrence Malick movies like Tree Of Life or To The Wonder then you may enjoy this. If you are looking for something to just put in and watch this isn't what you are looking for. Overall, sci-fi &#34;snobs&#34; will love this but as for everyone else it will be hit or miss. This is not a movie made for entertainment purposes, this is to artfully tell a story. I give this a C.
The problem I had with this movie is that I have seen Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton so many times that I know these actors are not them. This affected my whole viewing experience of it.Having said that I thought that Lohan did a very good job playing Elizabeth Taylor. At times she also got me believing that she was her. Overall I thought that the acting was good.Having said that the story itself to me was not that interesting, I am just not into such plots. What we have is two big egos, with lots of talent and money deeply in love and trying to get along.I also thought the dialogue at times needed work.Overall it was okay.
1 escapism? no2 boring dialog yes3 whiny characters that don't react with anything like realism? yep4 evil white men and mindless hicss vs women and minorities? yep5 any sense of danger from zombies no6 plot with no coherence? yep7 enjoyable at all? naaaa
The way the whole airplane issue was handled was idiotic, from the plane staff just standing there while something strong enough to pop bolts tries to  break out of the compartment below, to the twits from the CDC going in and then deciding to go rogue and ignore voice communications, made me want to ask the writers what idiotic drugs were they on when they wrote these scenes. The best is when they people become active again, instead of getting more trained people from the CDC in to help, they call in paramedics? There's containing a potential spread of an unknown biological agent.  and the female rep breaking all the rules by going into a cockpit after being told repeatedly NOT to enter because it should have been secured. Then she ignores her ground unit; making the poor guy frantic for a response? If the CDC handles emergencies like this in reality, then this world is in for a world of hurt. I hope not. And if this was just someone trying to take some artistic license to make it more Hollywood, that person or persons needs to be banned from writing for shows again. The Syfy channel puts out better Saturday night movies. I'd rather watch Sharknado repeatedly then to view this again.
This was pretty interesting if nothing else than you cannot figure where they are going. This is a psych thriller from the get-go. There's some shock factor so expect anything. Acting is decent but the best thing is how the scenes are directed. I'm still scratching my head but it wasn't too bad.
cute movie.  nice little, romantic flick.
My husband and I love this show for the creative challenges and overall concept.  This team challenge season lost me.  It seems very contrary to creativity to expect all creative people to be able to function on a team... and as a viewer, I couldn't really get a handle on each designer's perspective and point-of-view.  Also added a whole lot of drama and made it more of the kind of reality show I try to avoid.  The talent pool seemed shallow this year as well, but not sure if that had to do with teams.  (I mean - people who don't know basic design and sewing methods?)  Almost gave up halfway through - but as people were eliminated it began to seem a little more like previous seasons and one could get a better idea of a designer's aesthetic.  I applaud them for trying something new, but hope next season doesn't go with teams or some other kind of season long twist.
The acting really needs work here! That's my #1 criticism for this movie! This movie doesn't make me believe and if I don't believe them, how in the world will I like it? I won't. I just kept thinking, they're not really playing their roles well. They didn't take me away from reality and the terrible poor acting.Okay, so what do I like in this movie. I liked the police car chases and the races with all the other sports cars. I also liked how they were great at trying to adapt the video elements into the movie. I feel they were heavily influenced by the "Need For Speed Hot Pursuit series". And finally, I liked the hot main actress. That's pretty much all I liked about the movie.I can tell you that this movie was better than "Getaway, 2013" with Ethan Hawke and Selena Gomez. That movie was just terrible, so give them a hand folks?! *Slow and quite clapping*Okay, so if you want to see a good racing movie though, you can watch Fast and the Furious 1, 2, or 3. Don't watch any other Fast and the Furious movie after 3 because those ARE NOT about racing.I thought this movie could had been the best, if they got better main actors and had a way better story. Forget the tragic lost of a friend and just keep the love story and rival plot. That would had make it slightly better. As for the main male actor, he really doesn't know how to act! It just got to distracting seeing him on the screen trying to become his character. He seemed too unstable with his emotions all the time. Every other min, happy, sad, depressed, basically all over the map. Throw that guy out!Yes, I think you people should watch this movie, but no need to buy it. It's not a keeper movie.
Not as good as season 5, 6 or 7 but okay too.But I was very disappointed with the ending.Stargate definetely deserved a big impressive ending.For heavens sake! - such an awesome TV show - we are talking TV HISTORY:and then this weak lame ending........zero stars for the creativity of the writers involved.
the crossover between forensic investigation and courtroom drama has also been done before, this one was done in a nice way. it would be interesting to see where this goes
If you enjoy watching people be odd just for the sake of it - then you might enjoy this, otherwise keep looking for another movie to watch.Good cast - worthless story.Kline plays a prudish bachelor of almost no income, living in a total dump and having fleas - yet he acts like someone with money and sucks up to a wealthy old lady to be included in upper society occasionally. Paul Dano plays an extremely timid loser who rents a cot in Kline's crappy residence. He experiments with cross dressing and has a little crush on Katie Holmes (which goes nowhere). John C Reilly plays a nice but wild and intimidating looking man with a cartoon character type voice.  There really isn't any plot to this story - or any story to this story. Just some odd characters who really aren't interesting at all - especially Dano.
I'm not a science fiction or horror fan so my rating may be skewed a bit, but I really thought this show was terrible. First as an Irish American, I am insulted by the stereotype of the Irishman on the show. Not only was shown as a foul mouth drunk, but he states his drunken boorish behavior is acceptable in HIS country. If visited Ireland many times and the Irish do not suffer fools lightly. The only time I see the Irish behave like this is on an American television show. If Hollywood projected negative stereotypes on blacks, Jews or any other culture, there would be an uproar. I'm tired of it. I hope that your silly show fails.
The show is done in the 1990's, but it looks older than that.  I didn't relate to the characters and I don't like to gross alien testing.  I like my invasion stories to have characters I care about and watch them grow.
I had such high hopes with this team and cast (who were all very good). But it's just beyond boring. I couldn't finish it. I might try again as this idea could be ripe with smart humor, but right now, it's not. What a shame.
SOA has been a great show but as the plot deepens it also is losing its charm.  To like a show you have to care what happens and the writers have kept me hanging to long on many plot lines, and there is only so much of going from bad to worse that I can take before I grow numb and stop caring.  They reached it in season 6.  Greater violence and more gruesome events don't bring me back to the first 4 seasons where I had some hope that while things would go bad they would not continually degrade from bad to hopeless as they have now taken us.  In 6 seasons could 1 thing go right?  Since Jax got Abel back everything the SOA touches  blows back directly in their face.  Repetition is repetition no matter the context.
Since Amazon does not provide a way for season purchasers to leave reviews per episode I have to tell you that this review is for "Filibuster":"Filibuster" is the worst Archer episode yet.And I've seen them all. The appearance of Krieger usually bails out a flagging episode. Not this time. Don't know how Reed managed to put multiple Krieger's in an episode and still have it nosedive into the ground but he did.This season wreaks.
The "found footage" technique is taking film by storm. Expect more of it. Soon, we'll look at "regular" films like we do now at silent films.  And get this.... it's SUPPOSED to be poor quality. Creates a believable and empathetic viewpoint for the viewer. But the science here is a joke. Yes, the fish tongue parasite exists, but everything else is just bunkum. The list is a long one, but I mean, really??? Chicken manure monsters? There is really nothing scary here once all the people have died except dead bodies. And the sick guy jumping out at the end is just LAME! Not worth paying to see except to see the power of found footage technique.
As a big fan of crime procedurals, mysteries, and psychological thrillers, I'm pretty confident that this show is unexceptional in its genre.Dialogue: Stilted. Clunky. Turgid. Eye roll-inducing.Exposition is always a big challenge in a pilot, and this show just doesn't rise to this challenge. The characters seem mostly broad stereotypes.  And speaking of broads: they manage to cast a range of male character actors with lots of interest, but the ladies are, except one, Jessica Rabbit, but with less realistic boobs.Frankly, I'm baffled by all the 5 star reviews.Give me &#34;Luther&#34; any day.
I admit, I'm not much on comedies, but I liked that it was a football comedy. But there isn't much football happening in their football show. And I thought the comedy was forced and immature. Sure, the lead lady is extremely beautiful. But that's not enough to keep me watching. PLEASE make &#34;The After&#34;!
I love this series and am a big fan but.....Giant robots???  Seriously???  All the other episodes are outstanding but this one is pathetic.
It just isn't close to life..She is running around like a chicken a real Doctor doesn't do that...I don't know just could get into the show that much. Mobs and medicine is one of my favorite you see I'm a movie buff...
I was not expecting too much of this program so I was not overly disappointed.  More fantasy that science fiction, I found it boring and absent of anything that might be intellectually stimulating or even entertaining.  If you like fantasy, you might want to check out one show, but if you are looking for something entertaining that would also hold your interest, I would skip this one.
I watched the Betas pilot and while I found it mildly entertaining, I didn't think it was particularly funny but I did like the Moby cameo.
I don't hate this movie, but I don't perticulary like it either. It has good points, nice characters, a good pace, tense situations and good fight scenes. However this film has many flaws that drop my opinion of it. First, this film sometimes throws in cheezy moments or humor that undermine the serious situation. Second, the fact that this movie was made after a true sequel to the original makes me feel dissapointed with it. Had this been the 2nd Rec movie made, it would've been recived better as the series would be viewed as an anthology series rather then a series with one plot and another movie thrown into it (Halloween suffered the same fate). Finally this movie never explains if it takes place before or after the others. Not revealing that detail makes it seem like this movie was just a cash grab.Ultimatly it's not crap, but I didn't enjoy it that much.
some might not like the show, but i'm a sucker for fx makeup!! i gave it a lower score, because i felt like this season wasn't as good as the others.
Took the time and watched all the way through. It's good, but nothing new. Essentially an animated story-board mock-up, "Burma Rising"  has a predictable plot, stereotype characters and obvious moral. It's 'action-lite' fare. Not big-screen material but certainly worth the price of a rental.
There once was a girl from New YorkWho had never been porkedShe worked at a jobSelling plastic knobsThen she lost it all to a dorkBilly Collins said we all have about 200 bad poems in us. Middle school and high school is a good time to get it out of our system. Amy (Emma Roberts) has about 20,000 bad poems in her and thinks she is good. She majored in poetry acquiring no jobs skills, setting back her parents $90,000. Depressed she moves out and gets a job at Adult World and hangs out with a crowd of fruits, nuts, and vegetables. Local poet Rat Billings (John Cusack) is her idol and she forces herself, to his dismay, into his life.The film is another luke warm indie dying to be clever and finding an audience, which it has among would be poets. Amy's dreary life is symbolized by the dreary scenes of a depressed urban area in upstate New York. The actors saved a bad script. The use of a cross dressing gay (Armando Riesco) was funny in &#34;The World According to Garp,&#34; but now it just shows lack of writing skill and originality which is what I really want in an indie.
Only watched about 20 minutes of the first episode...had to turn it of.  HORRIBLE television.  No plot, no plan, nothing to interest.
I like the show because you can learn Spanish words and that is good exposure for my 3 year old. The show is good for very young children but it is a very simple show.
The show starts weaker than what it is afterward. Need to be watched season after season to like it better. The reason could be for: more depth regarding main characters, better visual effects, introducing more characters played by respected and loved celebrities, and for sure revealing information regarding core elements in the tv show.By completing the 4th season I can say the 3rd and 4th is better than 1st and 2nd for some of above mentioned reasons.I found little annoying things in this show but what show that doesn't have any annoying thing..so I decided not to mention them as in overall the show delivers what the viewer need of fantasy, science fiction, drama, and lot of action scenes. Very enjoyable show.
With all do respect it may be a catchy title for those unfamiliar with the preternatural but Ghosts rarely attack, the demonic entities do and they are always looking for a vessel-1/3 of Heavens angels were cast from heaven and they roam just behind a veil to attack and oppress.
Nine Things about The Canyons1. This movie was written by Bret Easton Ellis and directed by Paul Schrader. If you know those names, you will have a pretty good idea what this movie is about. If you don&#8217;t know those names, how about this: It stars Lindsay Lohan and porn star James Deen.2. Paul Schrader summarized the movie the best &#8211; it&#8217;s about beautiful people doing bad things in nice rooms.3. More specifically, it&#8217;s about a girl that wants to make a movie, and she gets her boyfriend cast in it by convincing the producer&#8217;s assistant that he would be a great choice. And they are all secretly cheating on each other. With each other.4. A lot of people, including myself, were looking forward to this movie. It could have been edgy, dark, and hip. The key term here is &#8220;could have been&#8221;.5. This movie is a mess. It turned itself into a parody of what it was trying to do. The acting is terrible. The story is ludicrous, which is especially frustrating to me because Ellis is one of my all-time favorite authors.6. When I say the acting is terrible, there is one exception. Believe it or not, Lindsay Lohan did pretty well. She was the best part of the film. Porn star James Deen has the acting ability of, well, a porn star. Let&#8217;s just leave it at that.7. I do have to give the movie points for having the guts to show male full-frontal nudity, instead of just female nudity.8. The movie is interesting on a meta-level in that you can see how the movie was made. It was funded on Kickstarter and cast through a website. This is obvious. The budget is so low (reportedly, the actors were paid $100 a day) that you can actually see how the thing was put together.9. Fans of bad movies may find this entertaining. It tries so hard to be serious that it turns into a comedy. But as an actual movie, this was one of the biggest disappointments of the year for me.
Don't watch this one unless you are a big fan of King.  I have read most of Stephen King's novels and short stories so I am hanging on with Dome, waiting for the boogie man to jump out at me.
I want to give this series 3.75.. I found the series by accident. I'm glad I did. There is intrigue around every corner- it has a Canadian feel to the film quality
It reminds me of a car wreck.  You don't really care to see it but you can't turn away.  It's funny,  sometimes a fact is brought up that little know,  but you have to wonder why anyone thought a show with drunks giving history lessons would be a hit.  Still it's entertaining; weirdly and wrongfully so.
It's entertainment...The movie was okay, I think I purchased it because I am a Paul Walker fan and was so upset at his parting.
There should have never been a second season as far as I am concerned. Season one should have ended with and they lived happily everafter just like the fairy tale.
Look, Adrien Brody is going to give you a great acting performance no matter what he's in. That's a given. Playing a character like this--lonely and intelligent is right in his wheelhouse. The problem given that is the filmmaking is way too artsy here. The flashback scenes look like bad Kodak film and are only hinting at what happened in Brody's character's past. We really don't get a clear picture at what exactly made him the way he is in the movie.Given that, though, there are enough poignant scenes and with a cast that includes James Caan, Lucy Liu, Christina Hendricks, Marcia Gay Harden, Blythe Danner and William Peterson, there are plenty of underused heavy hitters in here. Yet the true star of the story is Sami Gayle who plays the very troubled young prostitute. She is a talent that is worth watching over the coming years.The extras are short on sweet on the DVD. A less than five-minute interview with both the director and Brody plus some Red Carpet interviews at one of the premieres.
Since the last episode of Stargate SGU aired, I haven't watched the SyFy Network at all. I've missed the Stargate series (all of them) and it's clear that the network has no interest in producing customer-quality and popular series that, yes, might be expensive, but that's part of successful programming. In short, the network's decisionmakers are idiots. They had some templates that worked and they blew it. The stuff they have now is junk.Stargate Atlantis was great. SGU was cheap...but it grew on you. I didn't really watch it until I bought the DVDs. And it's strange that Season 1 was released in Blu-Ray and the second and best was not. It's just like SGA. The network just one day decided to pull the plug despite the viewership, quality and the fact that it was making money.
"I'm looking for someone, her name is Isabel. I've come to save her." Joey (Statham) is a homeless ex special forces soldier on the run from a court martial. When he stumbles on a chance to change who he is he takes it. When someone he knows comes up missing he has to walk the line between who he was and who he wants to be. Since this is a Statham movie I had an expectation going in. I was expecting another Transporter type movie, since that is basically all he does. I am a fan of his but who's gonna argue that. The first half hour made it seem like a different movie for him, then he became a driver/hit-man and I thought...here we go again. For the most part though this was a different movie and role for him and he did a pretty good job. This is nothing amazing and won't really change the way he is viewed but for once this isn't just another Transporter type movie. I liked it, but again I am a Statham fan. Overall, a different type of movie for him and worth seeing. I give it a B.
Low budget film that is plagued by unoriginal scenarios, terrible effects, awful dialogue, and horrible acting...and not in a good way
Modern conspiracy theories are common these days, but they've been with us forever, as evidenced by theories about missing Ninth Legion of the Roman Empire. Centurion explains what happened to the Ninth from the point of view of someone who was there.Our hero, Centurion Quintus Dias (Michael Fassbender) becomes part of the Ninth's destiny when Picts overrun his garrison. He escapes, only to discover that Roman governor of Brittania, Julius Agricola (Paul Freeman), has committed the general of the Ninth Legion, Titus Flavius Virilus (Dominic West) to eradicate the Pict threat.  Their secret weapon is Etain (Olga Kurylenko), a mute Bringantian scout.  With his inside knowledge, it's not long before Dias acts as Virilus' right hand man against the Picts. SPOILTURION: If you know your Roman history, you know this isn't going to end well.Legendary Roman discipline fails in the face of the devious Picts and a surprise betrayal leaves just a handful of men alive.  When they discover Virilus has been captured deep in enemy territory, Dias and his ragtag band form a desperate rescue mission. Along the way the men bond and betray one another, as each falls to privation and violence.This is a gritty movie with few likable characters.  Children, prisoners, and even cooks are murdered as a matter of expedience. The main antagonist has no speaking parts, which makes for an unusual villain.  Most of the movie takes place in the sweeping countryside, a character unto itself.Centurion is more interested in legend than fact.  The Picts are a conglomeration of everything Romans ever reported about them - women warriors, lime in the hair, blue battle paint and all.  This at least makes them more interesting than the typical dirty barbarian types that usually act as villains in films of this sort.Unfortunately, Centurion's plot is as serpentine as a Roman column.  There are long stretches of countryside views that, while beautiful, begin to drag. The audio is muffled - I'm starting to think is a problem endemic to outdoor war films, because King Arthur had the same problem. When Dias finally decides to stand and fight, it's an exciting battle...and then the film limps along to resolve two other major plot points.  The script could have used more polishing.What it lacks in plot, Centurion tries to make up with gore. This is a crazy-violent movie, with more gore than most horror films.  One of the first battle scenes has so many limbs chopped off, heads sawed in half, and gurgling throat cuts that it really detracted from the movie as a whole.  The bloody effects -- an artifact of the movie 300, which seems to have made every producer assume they can get away with CGI blood - look cartoony.  At one point, a guy's head explodes when he runs into a tree.All this adds up to an ambitious but uneven movie.  Centurion tries many different things and only succeeds at half of them.  But the half it succeeds at makes for a decent film.
There should have been some indication that the movie is in Spanish. ..very hard to follow. Hate subtitles. It's tough trying to read and watch a movie at the same time. Didn't like it at all.
Where is the creativity, the genius, the work ethic of characters who say they are proud because an alcohol induced courage allows one to go on stage and perform with no talent?  This &#34;comedy&#34; may mirror what some think is the nature of their lives, but it is in very sad in that it seems to limit all that there is and does not allow any characters to rise above the pedestrian life they live.  This is a soap opera about limitation the victims a technically advanced society creates and gives them an excuse for their limitations because of the society that has created them.  Perhaps there is a degree of truth in this series, but it does not rise to the level of comedy in a contemporary sense.
Interesting remake of the original...The Pilot was ok...nothing special, nothing great...to me having "Starbuck" in the series beginning is not a real draw after having to endure Battlestar Gafartica remake with her in it...Other than that, the episode didnt really do much.  Im guessing this series wont last much longer than its predecesor unless they really vamp up the whole concept.Hope you folks like it...
I had been following mini series on cbs and it said to watch finale go to amazon. so o rented the last episode thinking it was the end because it was suppose to be a 1 season show and it turned out i already saw it not knowing cbs was carrying it over to next season so i paid for something i already saw. But I like the show.
The plots have a lot of twists and turns in them to keep you guessing until the end. An entertaining series that so far hasn't gotten into the stale trouble of other similar programs.
I can't imagine anybody would think this has ANY redeeming qualities.  Not smart.  Not funny. Not clever.  Not entertaining.  Not gonna get made!
this show I don't think even uncovers half or a third of what scientology is all about and it is also scary that some people are actually brained washed into buying all the B.S. that goes with it.
It is just not the same without Niahm, Ambrose, Quigley, and Aidan the priest and sister Orla. The cast is only the minimum of what it was in the beginning.
This is a good British police procedural, but the relationship between the main characters becomes annoying. The main characters, an older man and a younger women, have this sexual tension that is suppose to add something to the show. At first it does, but after a while, for me at least, it becomes annoying. After a few episodes, it gets to the point of, &#34; grow up and move on already.&#34; if you like your police procedural with the emphasis on interpersonal relationships, maybe this is a good series for you, but I rather watch a police procedural for the crime and it's solution, not a soap opera.
Reason that I don't like it: the character visuals--there's a robot and a cat, ok. No clue what the other three things are, but the orange one is WAY too much of a "one-eyed worm" and screams of inappropriate visual for a child. That said, the songs are fun, simple and repetitious, so my 9-month-old daughter breaks into a smile as soon as she hears them. I played some of the season selection for her one day...because she liked the songs from their "cameo" appearances in other shows on Nick Jr. I've since found some other shows with songs that make her smile and laugh that don't have a phallic appearance--such as Go, Diego, Go! and Bubble Guppies.  Edited several months later: I still don't really like Muno's appearance, but I developed the notion that DJ Lance is similar to Ronald McDonald (I met a DC region Ronald...very nice, keeps things friendly and non-threatening and upbeat for little ones), and his odd "posse" is akin to Ronald's (Hamburglar, Grimace, Mayor McCheese and Fry Guys roughly = Brobee, Muno, Foofa, Bot), but they aren't promoting eating at a franchise. I still pick other options for my now  toddling child when I see them available, but the messages episodes portray are acceptable. Anyway, that's my "looking back" update.
After watching it for 15 minutes with my wife, I turned it off.  It was just too confusing of a plot and I have heard enough of the new morality philosophy.  ugh!!!
Interesting concept of having mystery/thriller writers introduce and narrate episodes of true crimes.I found the editing for streaming to be subpar due to the repetitive interruptions (for placement of ads in the original TV series); it should have been seamless without breaks.
got it - republicans are dumb and bad dems are good and kind... yada yada - too bad because i like the idea
Vanishing on 7th Street's trailer looked decent enough.  Unfortunately, that's ALL it had going for it.  I have stated many times before that the audience in ANY horror/thriller movie sometimes is asked to suspend logic, but I think ANY audience deserves a few answers--even fleeting ones.  None exist in this movie.It begins with four different main characters coming to the realization that they may be the only people left in this City because everyone else has vanished.  All that is left behind are piles of clothing.  That brought me to question one:  why did they survive?  They then spend a good amount of time stumbling and mumbling through various and sundry situations, which brings me to question 2:  was this the ONLY city that had experienced a "vanishing"?  You are then treated to more and more scenes of utter stupidity and the constant chanting of "I exist; I exist" until they all start to be picked off by the "shadow people."  This led me to my next set of questions:  why couldn't they find some generators at a local store and have all the lights they wanted?  Why couldn't they light (and keep lit) a fire?  Why did they STAY in that City?  And last (but certainly not least) WHY DID I WASTE MY TIME?Other reviewers have hinted at this movie's potential.  I'm just not sure that it ever HAD any potential.  I didn't really care for the majority of the survivors and they all continued to make such stupid, moronic choices I was actually rooting for the shadows!Rated R for, hmmmmm, I don't know what for.
Bad acting, bad writing. Not a good combination for success. Couldn't bear to watch more than fifteen minutes. Another failure for Amazon Originals.
Another sad story which has been made over and over. I guess this is another one every director wants to make due to the subject matter plus the shocking ending. Those stories where women were not allowed to do what the men did but were treated as whores and outcasts by society, while the man involved could continue on as always, do make me feel anger. I always want to rewrite the ending to Anna.
Sometimes a little slow on the stroy-- cant always &#34;like&#34; the charactersThe story lines are sometime slow & then predictable
I can't believe how gullible people are! Do you really believe Theresa &#34;talks to dead people&#34;? Read up on the tricks of mediums. Number one is always that they ask a leading question and they only address people in questions, forcing the person to divulge information. (Watch for this next time?: &#34;Did someone here lose a parent recently?&#34; If she's talking to middle-aged folks, of course they're likely to have lost a parent by that age.  &#34;I see blood. Was there a tragic accident?&#34; Well, duh!)Also, don't you think the backgrounds of the people who appear on this show are fully investigated before an episode is filmed? Of course they are! Everything is prepared for. A production company doesn't just show up with seven people and start filming randomly. There's a story behind each dead person and of course that's been researched before Theresa even appears on the scene. And, believe it or not, she is briefed.For instance, I was watching the show in which Theresa is woken in the night and &#34;spoken to&#34; by a little girl in a hotel. In the morning, at checkout, Theresa mentions it to the desk attendant and Theresa seems blown away when the clerk tells her of a girl who died in the hotel many years ago.  I said to my son, &#34;I'd bet $1,000 that the death of that girl is well known in that area.&#34; One simple Google search later and sure enough, the hotel is thought to be haunted by the girl's ghost.And have you noticed what the &#34;dead person&#34;/Theresa says is exactly what the living want to hear?: &#34;Your father says he forgives you.&#34; &#34;Your husband says to go on with your life.&#34; &#34;Your mother tells you she is finally at peace.&#34; Come on now!!! Why is it never, &#34;Your father still blames you for his death&#34; or &#34;Your mother thinks that you should leave your husband because he's no good.&#34; If Theresa, oh, sorry, the dead people, were to tell the living they are still suffering on the other side or still hold someone to blame or whatever, Theresa would be out of business. And what a business she has!If you people believe this stuff is random, I've got some oceanfront property in Death Valley I'd like to sell you. Theresa's pretty convincing, I have to say that. Not everyone could pull off such a stunt, but--news flash--it's all hooey.
the program was too short, needs to be an hour, and he stretches the science and it seems like information is left out
I enjoyed the relationship between Castle & Beckett. I really enjoyed the show where Castle's father showed up. The show where Ryan and his wife was also very good.
I would even sit, riveted, to a feminine hygiene commercial ... if Naomi Watts were in it. Both her and Kate Winslet, just tell me either is in a film and my interest IN that film automatically jacks up about 80%.Which is what led me to 'Sunlight Jr.', starring Watts and Matt Dillon (who I also like, with few reservations) and - another BIG bonus! - Norman Reedus. Set in Florida, the film tells the story of a couple, Melissa and Richie (Watts and Dillon) struggling to keep their heads afloat in a depressed economy. Richie, a disabled war vet living on disability, relies too much on the bottle as he feels the frustration of not being the breadwinner, having to watch Melissa go out to work every day at the Sunlight Jr. convenience store. They live in a weekly-rental motel, Richie often has to swipe gas from other cars to be able to drive their own beater, and Melissa has her issues at work, dealing with both a lecherous boss and a violent and determined ex (Reedus) who wants her back. Things get even more complicated when Melissa finds out she's pregnant, and the couple have to figure out how to survive, better their lives with a baby on the way.Does this sound like a downer? Guess what? It is. The film plays out nearly every cliche it can grab, about drunken vets, violent exes, drug dealers, a life of poverty in the grungy state of Florida, domesticate abuse, the abuse of the foster care system - good God, you name it. Saved only by the performances of Watts, Dillon and Reedus (especially Watts, you really do grow to care about Melissa - hoping she'll escape this life!), otherwise this collection of cliches has "mediocre" written all over it ... and is so depressing, it could make Mary Poppins consider picking up a bottle of sleeping pills.
Family fun can enjoy the different situations the kids get into, great for younger audiences should be a keeper yes
NO way no more. how did it make it to a second season. never again. Dumb, just plain dumb. Paint drying would create more drama.
I dont really like violent films unless its creatures againts manking kinda stuff.And these days there's a lot of gore and violence out there in movieland.Someone lent me this movie and i decided to watch it. I did enjoy it becausewe kinda care for that hobo as he ends up in a town from hell that is been heldhostage by a kingping and his sons in a type of cartoon violence, a bit like the old batman series. Anyway its over the top, i did reckonized abunch of Canadian actors...(ricky from trailer park boys) and i would recommendit for what it is.
I think the idea is cute but there seemed to be too much going on for my 2 year old to get and maintain interest in the program. Also, although the music used for the opening credits is great for the opening credits I think if you were to continue with development of the show you'd want to do a more toned down version of the music throughout the show as opposed to playing the full blown version. I only say that because it's a very &#34;busy&#34; song to play several times throughout a 20 or so minute segment and not have it be off putting. Also the transition between getting to know the characters and doing the creative ideas should be more seamless so it does feel like it's jumping from this to that to that. I think it was hard for her (my daughter) to grasp what was going on because the continuity wasn't quite there. As an adult I fully understood what you were trying to convey but imagine your audience is geared towards those much younger than my 29 years. :-)
Show is good and bad but then again most are must watch if u like wearwolf shows good acting overall
That this show isn't really very good!NO SPOILERS:Let us start with Fiona, ah Kristin Kreuk, who may be best known by her supporting role as Scotty's unfaithful girlfriend in the movie "Eurotrip" (and music video featuring Matt Damon).  Fiona, AKA Kristin (I promise to get it right before the end of this review) AKA "The Beauty" plays Detective Catherine Chandler (Ivy League educated and studying for the Bar when her mother was killed)Jay Ryan AKA "The Beast" plays Vincent Keller, a doctor by trade that volunteered to go to Afghanistan and participate in an experiment that caused him to become "The Beast".  When the government decided to "cancel" the experiment, Vincent went underground both looking for a cure with the help of his Chemistry Professor friend J.T. (played by Austin Basis) and in his spare time helping people in trouble with his great strength and extraordinary sense of smellNina Lisandrello (Tess) adds some ethnicity and alternative "hotness", as Catherine's partnerMax Brown (Evan) is the obligatory good looking Forensic Specialist (with an English accent)So what is wrong with the show?Dude, I would take the scar and trade places with "The Beast" in a heartbeat!  The fact that Catherine is developing feelings for Vincent, simply isn't the stretch that the writers should have been looking for.  I mean Vincent in monster mode is still better than the guy that dumped her in the opening creditsKreuk has some mad fighting skills for a police detective, however, throughout the entire program I was hoping for a short skirt, lingerie scene or a slide show from her last beach vacation.  I couldn't even remember the case that they were working on.I understand that the series opened to good numbers (not as good as "Arrow") and works well back-to-back with "Vampire Diaries".  I just don't see "it".  Might be worth keeping on your DVR and watching during the holiday hiatus.
Remember Reggie Perrin? Don't be confused this is not the wonderful original but a poor and very unconvincing remake. Its terrible.
We see it over and over again with Horror, a film with a decent storyline, starts out great, and quickly descends into a pointless mess of blood and guts. The Shrine was a film I really wanted to like. I was intrigued by the Netflix description, and had they stuck with that story, maybe this one would have been a winner, unfortunately they didn't. The Shrine starts out by telling us of a student backpacking through Europe, who goes missing in the small town of Alvania, Poland. Some reporters from his hometown get a whiff of the story and start poking around, only to find out that no one in the town is particularly interested in trying to find this kid, that's when the reports decide the only thing they can do is go there and look for him themselves. With films like Saw and The Offspring, the gore was absolutely necessary and added to the story, in The Shrine, it takes away from what was already a pretty good story. The small town was creepy and the story really played to peoples fear of disappearing without a trace, while on vacation. The film may have been a little bit slow moving, but it was very intense and interesting until the last forty-five minutes. That's when it goes demonic and becomes nothing but one bloody body after another. For me, films like the Shrine are the most disappointing of all, because the writers didn't believe in their story and ultimately destroy it in order to get more viewers. The demonic slaughterhouse may have appealed to a larger audience, but it certainly didn't make this a better film.
I don't have really a beef with this show. Other than these people are really doing this. I do think that being prepared is important. But to go to this extent is a little extreme in my eyes. and it's kind of frightening some of the things that these people are doing. the amount of firearms shown in the homes is disturbing. And if you tend to be a worrier or you're easily rattled. this show isn't for you.
this show is like watching someone play cards, roll dice, or some other form of gamblingwith the bluffing, and each person hoping to guess, and hit the jackpot when they win thebidding war and see if they get some valuable contents. I certainly think it is over pricedand will wait for the reruns on tv.
I tried to give this show a shot but none of these characters had any redeemable qualities whatsoever. They were quite pathetic actually.
like other shows picturing people who live and work in dangerous jobsyou must remember there is whole crews in the background that you neversee and everything is made to look more dramatic than it really is.
I tried to like this movie but I just could not totally get into it. It had a nice premise for a story but 99.99% of all of the people vanish at the start of the movie. You are left with 4 or 5 characters that typically do stupid things to protect themselves and the one who is the most on the ball is a little girl who appears in the movie for 5 minutes.This post-apocalyptic movie could be more scary but is totally filmed in the dark they saved a lot on special effects and actors. No electricity worked, batteries failed, no cars worked, and the remaining characters do the typical dumb stuff like not seeking out a more viable light source to protect them.The plot is weak and doesn't develop as the characters have no idea what has caused this mass ending of the human race. There is no sense of possible rescue and the movie just ends strangely. It could have been scarier with a better sound track and some more shocking flashes that make people jump, but they were not there.I almost gave this movie a 3 until the ending and then my opinion faded like the lights in the movie.
A Little Bit Zombie (Casey Walker, 2012)Okay, I admit it: I'm a sucker for stupid zombedies. You make a silly movie and you put some corporeal undead in it, and baby, I am there, with bells on. And I'm not going to tell you that A Little Bit Zombie is the best of its breed, but if you're looking for a zombedy and you've seem all the classics one too many times, dialing this one up will not disappoint you in the least.Veteran TV director Walker's first theatrical feature gives us soon-to-be-married couple Steve (Without a Paddle: Nature's Calling's Kristopher Turner) and Tina (Insomnia's Crystal Lowe), who have rounded up their wedding party and dragged them to a remote cabin so obsessive Tina can put everyone through their paces. Problem is, there's a zombie outbreak in the area. Professional zombie hunters Max (The Dark's Stephen McHattie) and Penelope (jPod's Emilie Ullerup) think they've got it contained, but a mosquito bit one of the zombies just before it got dispatched, and when it subsequently bites Steve, he starts feeling a bit peaked, looking worse, and developing a craving for brains (which, conveniently, can be fed by local grocer Cap'n Cletus [X-Men's George Buza], who happens to be a cerebrum gourmand himself). When Max finds out about Steve's "condition", he's all for dispatching the groom-to-be with a shotgun to the skull, while research student Penelope believes Steve could be the means to cure the zombie plague once and for all.It's predictable, it's dumb, and it's funny. If you're a fan of the zombedy, this is going to be a hit; if you're not, you can safely pass on it without feeling like you're missing much, but some surprisingly good acting (Buza's scenes are comedy gold, every one of them), solid comic timing on everyone's parts, and the always-welcome presence of Stephen McHattie, who's just started getting noticed as the fearsome talent he is in the past five years or so, make this one worth your time. ***
Our entire family watches this.  The teenagers love it.  I find it interesting but find the characters a bit one dimensional.
I have to admire the guts and Moxie of these guys but if I had to spell "Bama Gold Miners" in one word it would be ignorant. Ignorant is not the same as stupid. Ignorant means lacking knowledge or education and the way these boys got into this adventure sure shows it. It doesn't appear that they had a clear plan of action or a sense of team structure.  Many of their decisions turned out to be just plain unworkable and the lack of repair parts and tools indicates a lack of planning.  Also, walking barefoot through the jungle with a large cut on the bottom of the foot just shows a lack of common sense. Although this show is obviously contrived and puts me in a place where I can't suspend disbelief I still found it interesting. Along with the miners and the film crew there obviously was a large support crew to help them out.  I can't understand how they could build all of the buildings they had on site without a large crew of carpenters to build the buildings, boardwalks, etc. and electricians to wire up and electrify the camp. Although each of the guys only made about $2,000, I hope the pay from the producers added to the gold value was enough to get them by. Since there is a Season Two it appears that things went well enough to induce the team to try again. I hope they are successful because they are now less ignorant due to the knowledge they have gained based on their experiences in Season One.
I was impressed with the production and that it wasn't the obvious apocalyptic story, but the ending was going to a little too much into the religious sector. I'd watch one or two more to decide whether I would continue. I hope they consider mixing up the cast members, though. For starters, the &#34;Irish&#34; guy changed his accent three times. Maybe he was drunk on set, too? AS an ensemble, the cast is not strong. There are a couple of good people and the primary &#34;convict&#34; is a much better actor than what was written for him in this pilot. Needs some cast changes. As for story line,  it was clear where the story started and where the story was ending up, but the plot devices to get there were pretty contrived (POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT: why would you risk your life to go back for a dead phone? why would the gang guys chase them through the woods once they had control of the house?), etc.
This comedy isn't very funny generally I deleted it from my watch list after a few episodes. It didn't work for me.....perhaps if I was younger?
Alien creatures attacking people is standard fare for movie-makers in Hollywood.  As computing power becomes cheaper, we see more movies of this genre being made outside the US.  Examples include District 9, The Darkest Hour, and this film based in London, Storage 24.  Released to minimal fanfare, this film is based is part action, part suspense, and part horror.  The story is simple enough; a cargo craft crashes in downtown London, releasing an alien creature which gets into a rental storage facility.  Inside the facility are a group of individuals, some friends, some workers, who are trapped.  One by one the alien kills them until the people finally band together and fight back.  After this, the people manage to escape facility, only to discover that all of London is under invasion by more of these aliens.The plot bears similarities to other recent alien invasion films, such as Super 8 for example.  The cast is composed of unknowns, but they do a good job in this movie.  The special effects are decent, though not exceptional.  Overall, a good, but not great film.
It's hard to tell whether "A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" is a good-natured bit of self-parody on the part of Charlie Sheen, poking fun at his reputation as a compulsive womanizer, or a vanity project designed to showcase the actor's now-legendary sexual prowess and playboy image. I suspect it's the former, but even if it's the latter, it still doesn't make for a very entertaining movie.In plot, the movie feels an awful lot like a full-length version of "Californication," as a middle-aged, sunglass-wearing Angeleno laments how he's screwed up with the love of his life (Ivana played by Ketheryn Winnick) because he's never grown up enough to stay committed to a monogamous relationship.Writer/director Roman Coppola's eclectic, scattershot approach alternates between scenes set in reality - or a close proximity thereof - and wild, but surprisingly flatfooted fantasy sequences heavy on op and pop visuals and graphics (Charlie is himself a successful graphics designer) and light on originality and cleverness. Apparently, there's not really all that much worth taking a glimpse of in ole Charlie's mind after all. Indeed, despite a big name cast that includes Bill Murray, Jason Schwartzman and Patricia Arquette, the movie feels an awful lot like a third-rate film school project that somehow got green-lighted by an actual studio.
This is the worst season of the series.  The first few seasons had me laughing so hard.  But this season, everything seems so forced.  Penny seems to be more of a miserable lush than previous seasons.  The exchanges between Howard and Bernadette are so dull at times.  I don't know what the heck Raj is doing, but watching a full show stacked with tidbits of a texting date ended up putting me to sleep.  However, I see the progression of Sheldon's character with Amy as an interesting story line and see this as taking center stage instead of the Howard and Bernadette snoozefest and the painful Leonard and Lush Amy storylines soon.  I wish there was not so much angst in those relationships.  It would be funny to see Howard and Bernadette and Leonard and Penny in a competition to see who is the most passionate or romantic couple only to have Sheldon try to join in the competition out of pure competitiveness where he suffers a kiss from Amy for the sake of the cause and make Raj the black horse out of nowhere!
Lacking something...not a good start kind of confusing! I will not watch this again! Really do not have anything else to say!
Now that he's with the FBI, Jane seems a lot less clever. Did they lose some writers or having they gotten worn out trying to come up with new tricks for Jane?
The show is based on a book series called &#34;women of the otherworld&#34;.  I'm assuming the novels are written for teenage girls-- it would explain why Elena is the center of everyone's universe.  It would also explain her terrible dialog: &#34;You raised an amazing son&#34; &#34;It's gonna be an amazing wedding&#34; &#34;Your outfit is amazing&#34;.  More on Black Hole Sue later.I actually liked the first episodes a lot.  It's an interesting idea to have people transform into wolves and not some horrible monster.  I also liked how they acted like a pack.  The meal couldn't begin until Jeremy had the first bite, and there was a scene where he's looking out a window, watching his pack &#34;play&#34;.  It was interesting sociologically to look at a group of people modeling their lives after wolves.  I also liked the idea of the Mutts.  Without an alpha, dogs and wolves are unpredictable and dangerous.  In other words, I bought in fully to the premise and I thought this may be my new favorite show.After the first few episodes, it became unwatchable, mainly because everything was about Elena and making her happy.  When Elena is in Toronto, the camera shows us what's happening without her in Stonehaven.  The pack is all &#34;What's up with Elena?&#34;  &#34;How can we get Elena back?&#34;  &#34;We need to give Elena her space&#34; &#34;How can we make life easier for Elena?&#34;.  Now the camera does indeed go to Toronto:  Elena is having sex with her human fianc&eacute;, and afterwards she engages in pillow talk. (one of the only times her constant whispering makes sense)  However, Elena has a secret and scurries off leaving the fianc&eacute; alone.  Now it's the fianc&eacute;'s turn to ask &#34;What's up with Elena?&#34;  &#34;How can I get Elena back?&#34;  &#34;How can I make life easier for Elena?&#34;And why are all the men obsessed with her?  She's self obsessed and is always threatening to leave the pack or disappear on Philip.  She seems to have no personality.  Actually, her personality is to wear pricey outfits, talk about herself all the time (in a constant whisper) and complain.  Elena is the most boring and self involved person I can ever remember watching.  She's basically a fourteen year old girl.And it's only fitting to put Black Hole Sue in a love triangle.  The fianc&eacute; has a high paying job, short and professional hair, a sculpted physique and is the &#34;safe&#34; choice.  Clay is dangerous.  You can tell because he has long hair.  Are such stereotypical love triangles mandated now?  Haven, Once Upon a Time after season one, Witches of East End.... Terrible shows I wouldn't be caught dead watching.The wolves look like the old star wars special effects.  However, that played no part in my rating.If Elena was a secondary character and the series was instead about the Pack, it'd be an interesting show.  It's comical how the show can't go five minutes without everyone obsessing over a chick with the personality of a door knob.  Even the diddler was obsessed with her.The diddler was probably the most interesting character on the show.  I actually found myself rooting for him to slay Clay, Phillip, and especially Elena.  I'm not at all surprised this got a second season.  Just like Once Upon A Time, the worse the writing and acting gets, the more people seem to like it.
These guys are fawning all over the females and everybody they come in contact with. It's getting so sappy that it's hard to watch. I liked it better when they were stronger characters who did medical comedy and adventure. I like the guy from Spanish Prisoner, he's strong and rock solid. the boys are too whimpy and wishy washy. Pretty people everywhere.
Started out pretty good in the first couple of episodes, but after that it is going down the hill,  getting a bit boring. Too bad...
Much of the same. Somewhat interesting but the producers can only go so far in creating any interest after the 5 seasons before this one.
I just can't figure out the who, what, where, when and why of this story.  It's typical Stephen King genre.  I will watch Season 2 when it's released in 2014 and hope one of the w's gets answered.
The writing was bad. The acting was bad. How can you ruin a bloodsucker show ? Watch it if you like but I would save my money if I where you.
This is a tough premise to believe, and to accept, that a dirty cop would be put in this position.  But of course, it theoretically occurred in a deal with a dirty politician....  yet, this actor does a great job, and I have liked his coarse but intelligent portrayals in other shows, such as in Castle.  Try it... if you like tough cop shows, this may work for you.
This is probably the most scripted &#34;reality&#34; show I've watched on the net.  The &#34;good ol' back woods swamp boys&#34; are about as authentic as a woman who has had implants and other plastic surgery, and has enrolled in a natural beauty contest.
That's what three stars means.  I'm just being nice.  It was trying too hard to be hip and happenin' yada yada....  That's in my humble opinion.  Needs a good editor to tighten up the story.  Is about livn' in the &#34;hood&#34;? or chasing ghosts and such?  Move a bit more one way or the other.
I found my self thinking 'get to the point already' half way through this thirty minute show. It felt too contrived trying too hard to be different. I did not feel a connection with these characters. In fact, I felt indifferent towards most of the characters. Frankly, I do not feel at all compelled to find out what happens next.  It's a shame because I really loved "Six Feet Under" and "The United States of Tara". I like quirky shows very much.  The acting was good but this show fell short. Sorry
You know how there's "Chick Flicks?"  Well, I would consider this movie a "D**k Flick."  Not wild and manic as some however, and pretty thoughtful social commentary. Really funny moments, and some very irreverent ones regarding race and mental disabilities.  I fell in love with Ben Schwartz. He's freakin' hilarious, and has an odd but cute way about it. Whenever he was on screen the movie automatically got better.  Want some light entertainment? This is it.
I Liked the visuals the story premise, but the narration sounds stilted. Maybe with other voices, this would be more watchable.
While the actors (especially Tambor) are quite good, the entire premise of the show is shallow and uninteresting.  Yes, the whole family has issues, but guess what, they are all sex!  The daughter likes a little S/M (who cares), the dad is a cross dresser (who cares), the other daughter (wife/mother) is a college lesbian (well, maybe her husband cares... but maybe not).  Maybe these would be show-worthy conflicts in 1970s North Dakota, but in 2014 LA I don't think anyone would notice.  The show just felt flat and predictable, without a true challenge worthy of the actors.
No need to rent...just watch the preview, you see the whole show! Why are the previews so revealing these days. No tease... just let it all out. Not good.
Being a Stargate fan, I was hating that Atlantis and SG-1 were gone but was wiling to give SGU a chance.  The first few episodes were slow and un- Stargate like and looked like the writers and producer were not sure where they wanted the series to go.  Too much of the drama music especially in the beginning of the series but by Season two was beginning to find its legs.  Unfortunately, SCI-FI didnt give it a chance and it wasn't allow to follow through on the promise of what it could have been.  Not as good as the original SG-1 and Atlantis but could have found an audience if only given time to get the story going.  Like all sequels it takes a couple seasons to charm the fans but SGU was only allowed to go to the dance once.
I almost bought this until I saw others talking about the ads being in the material.  Glad I didn't buy it.  to bad, I'd love to own this, but I don't want to own any commercials.
Having worked her way up from second billing roles in movies such as VICKY CRISTINA BARCELONA and THE TOWN, Rebecca Hall proves worthy of a lead character in the 2012 feature LAY THE FAVORITE.  She delivers an affecting performance as Beth, a career-searching woman who stumbles into a job in the Las Vegas gambling business.  Not unlike the highs and lows of betting, LAY THE FAVORITE proves a zigzagging account of quick-changing circumstances that can have you living in Florida, Nevada, New York and elsewhere and fall for two different people all in a blink in time, anchored by the talented young actor Hall.LAY THE FAVORITE is based on an autobiography of the same name.  Assuming this movie version takes no liberties, how funny that scenes depicting female stripping and topless sunbathing are part of Beth's true story as opposed to something made up by the men who write these films.  While Rebecca Hall stays covered up in the sunbathing scene, supporting actor Laura Prepon as fellow Vegas searcher Holly dons only lotion, typical of the risk-taking roles she's done - see the grisly film KARLA.  Along with Prepon, LAY THE FAVORITE benefits from memorable acting by Bruce Willis, Wayne P&eacute;re, and a Catherine Zeta-Jones I did not even recognize - she seems to have shrunk.Oh, and Rebecca Hall risks a little, too, as it is Beth who does the stripping.  This is Rebecca Hall's film, with all due respect to the fine actors working with her.  See LAY THE FAVORITE.
Do not waste your time.  Do not be fooled by the interesting looking creature on the cover of the DVD shown here.  That is about as interesting as this movie gets.  Acting is a joke, totally amateur, CGI crap that any Video Game can create, no story of interest, just move on.
I also watched Bag of Bones on DVD which is based on a novel by Stephen King. I bought the book years ago on the bargain shelf at Barnes & Nobles. I read it quickly and loved it. When the miniseries aired back in December, I had other things going on and I didn't get a chance to watch it. Bag of Bones is good, but several things have been changed and left out from the book. I love ghost stories, so I naturally love it despite of it's flaws.
Stupid B movie again. I only watched it because I like spook movies, but this is not, not even close.
i really enjoyed the first 4 seasons. it seems like the cast  lost interest in season 5,the scripts were very bad.
This is one of the most disappointing pilots for a TV show that I have ever seen. I couldn't even get past the first 8 minutes. Who is that horrible man playing Sigourney Weaver's husband? He's terrible! She was awful in the role. If that was supposed to be Hillary Clinton.........what a joke. Not even close and not even remotely similar to Bill Clinton.Terrible, terrible show! I am requesting a refund ($1.99).
"Ever since your family got here you've become another person." Mingus (Rock) and Marion (Delpy) are a married couple trying to make it in New York. Both have a child from a previous marriage and that is a hard enough struggle. When Marion's family visits from Paris tensions begin to tighten to a breaking point between everyone. Mingus wonders if they will be able to last without killing someone. The best way to describe this is as a Woody Allen type movie (Woody had nothing to do with this) but that is the feel that it has. The comedy and humor is very offbeat but funny. The dialog in many places is witty and carries the movie. I have to say that this is a strange movie to see Chris Rock in, he does do a good job though, but it's still weird. The movie is pretty good, but the ending got a little bizarre. This is still basically a movie about crazy in-laws but it is pretty funny and worth seeing. Overall, if you are a fan of Woody Allen then you will probably like this movie. I give it a B-.
I love Glee, but I gotta say that Season Four of Glee was by far the weakest of the seasons. The storylines were not that great-the songs not too good and while I enjoyed Blake Jenner, I do not like some of the other new characters. It also depresses me that this is the last season that Corey Monteith is in, and also that it was not that great. Don't waste your time or money on this, most of the songs can be watched on youtube.
This program is an average interest DVD.  Many critical reviews are available on the internet, and almost all of them gave this program either a Three Star, or Four Star rating. What else can be said?
Original post after first 4 episodes:  Writing is more solid and interesting, great character development too.  They had been stuck in a bit of a rut.Update Dec 7:  Spoke too soon.  The started out well post-Ziva, had interesting plots and did some nice development on the various regulars.  But now apparently they decided they have to copy all the other crime shows that bring in some quirky specialist that solves everything while the rest of the cast stand around and oh yeah, they have to put a female in for the guys.  This does not work, does not fit the NCIS prior seasons where each team member has abilities and they solve things because they work together, and makes me regret I bought a season pass for #11.  I think they wanted to put in a character that can just come up with the answer doing a Sherlock routine so they don't have to figure out a plot line to explain how the team knows what to do. After all, none of the guys (with all their experience etc.) noticed who was bugged and who was NOT bugged and could put the pieces together?  Really?! And why would you be carrying evidence found one place to a stake out in a different location?  Just for Wonder Woman to sort through and miraculously solve the case for you?  I'm dropping my score to 3 stars.  It's not bad if I don't have something else to do for an hour but as it is now it is not a show I rush home from work to catch the latest episode of.  I can find about half a dozen similar shows to watch.  No need to put any extra effort in to catch this one.But it is a great PR job for NSA post all the bad press they have gotten.
This series is just alright. The acting is good and the characters are good but it is just alright. It isnt overly funny and it isn't real serious- it is sort of in the middle. I mildly enjoyed to pass the time but I wouldn't pay more than the membership to watch it .
When the film opens sans any title or credits and focuses on a guy adjusting a handheld camera, I'm thinking "here we go again" with another low budget "found footage" film.  And yes it is and yes there is nothing original here.  And yet...Shot in Mexico with a mostly unknown cast, the film steals the premise of the "Paranormal Activity" films and then amps up the ghost factor.  Dr. Helzer (Michael O'Keefe) heads a 3 person team called in to help a desperate father (Kai Lennox) who seems to have a problem with ghosts.  Alan (Lennox) recently lost his wife in a car accident and has a teenage daughter (Gia Mantegna) who blames him.  He also has a young son and is doing his best to move on.When strange things began happening in their previous home the family moved, only to find the spirit(s) followed him.  Helzer's crew set up the requisite cameras in each room then watches the fun begin.  The "PA" films use subtle, small creepy moments from hours of film to get the viewers attention.  In this film, you are hit in the mouth with loud noises, violent movement of furniture and wind!  Director Carles Torrens and writer Rodrigo Cortes clean out the apparition handbook and throw the content into the mix.The acting, quite frankly is pretty stiff but I'm not quite sure if that wasn't the idea.  What I mean is that it feels like we are actually just seeing regular people put into a psychological mess.  The movie isn't great and it breaks no new ground.  But for those who enjoy a good fright or two, it might be worth a look.
The best thing that one might be able to say based entirely on the pilot episode for THE AFTER is that &#8211; so far as production and storytelling goes &#8211; it didn&#8217;t suck.  Granted, there was very little learned about the world these various characters live in &#8211; apparently, it&#8217;s the End of the World as We Know It and not everyone feels fine.  However, there&#8217;s a plot twist to the last half that smacks entirely of creative invention; that isn&#8217;t to say it&#8217;s a bad thing, but rather it&#8217;s to say that based entirely on this episode there&#8217;s no way to know with any degree of certainty whether or not the last-stage development plays into a potentially greater mythology to a program.That said, there&#8217;s a handful of things going for it.  First, it&#8217;s basically filled with a cast of good looking characters, enough so that it wouldn&#8217;t be hard to tune in from week-to-week to see what they&#8217;re up to.  The production qualities are mostly very good, though (again) that assessment is only based on the 50 minutes provided &#8211; it could certainly go downhill from there.  Still, Carter has proven that he has the smarts to make something work even on a relatively limited budget as THE X-FILES in its infancy made a lot of ground out of very little effects-driven work.If anything, THE AFTER has a solid vibe going for it &#8211; the kind of sense that the big reveal is lurking just around the corner in the next episode.  Narratively, it &#8216;feels&#8217; like a cross between ABC TV&#8217;s LOST done by way of FLASHFORWARD but on a vastly lower budget.  Again, that isn&#8217;t necessarily a bad thing considering this was basically a &#8216;pilot&#8217;; we&#8217;ll see if it&#8217;s given legs, though I&#8217;d have to wonder if it might be cost-prohibitive for an outlet as limited as Amazon.com.  (Maybe a joint production?)As it&#8217;s coming from Chris Carter, my guess is that he has some game plan in mind, but if THE X-FILES is any indication I suspect there&#8217;s no &#8220;end game.&#8221;  For what it's worth, it kept my interest up until about the last ten minutes, when the story turned into a less cohesive 'adventure' involving gunplay, the usual suspects (a gang incident), and taking it on the lam.  Sure, I get that this was all a set-up for the final 'twist,' but as there's no possible way to evaluate the strength or weakness of that 'twist' based on what we're given here that ends up being little more than an academic execise ...... unless there's a next time, of course.
This is the movie where I found out Johnny Cash was not the original man in black. It was Solomon Kane. And he's really black. Except where he's exceptionally pale, because, it's like medieval England and, well, we all know about the weather in England. It's never sunny. I never really "got" this movie. So, here's this guy who used to be bad, but turns good, but not because he wants to, but has to because of true love. He never really falls for the chick too hard, which is a surprise to me. I mean, if she's the reason he's keeping on, shouldn't he, like, show her? Instead, he is, THE MAN IN BLACK. And the fight scenes. If the movie were to showcase his badassery, I don't think they did a fantastic job. He, cuts, he slices, he dices, but he, to my my taste, didn't do so with panache, with infinite style, with a certain Bondian charm. People die, sure, but, The man in black works at it, so it's not really justice served with a side of immortal reason, it's more justice served with a bunch of grunting and farting, if you will. Samurai pictures show swordsmanship that is truly spectacular, ten people die with three strokes. That's amazing. I suppose the fighting in the man in black is more "realistic," but, in a movie where all manner of flying beasts and demons appear, is "reality" really a major point?
&#34;It started with white people moving into the neighborhood.&#34; Jack (Corddry) and Vanessa (Bibb) are expecting twins and have just moved into a new neighborhood. Before they can get settled they are told the history of the house they are in. Vanessa begins to experience strange things but doesn't realize it. Jack is worried and questions what is happening. So, what can I say about this. The group that did Reno 911 did this movie so that is the baseline to go off of. The jokes that were in Haunted House and Scary Movie 5 are pretty much repeated again here. Some of the jokes go on a little too long while others are funny at first but begin to tire after the repetition. It is hard to say too many bad things about this because the cast is funny and really carry the movie for as long as they can but like the other two movies I mentioned it can't sustain laughs the entire time. This is a movie that would be better watched in twenty minute segments rather then all at once. Overall, a movie that is funny but gets repetitive and loses steam toward the end. I give it a B-.
Doesn't seem that interesting so far characters  not develop hardly at all. A little joke once in a while would be a nice relief
On a budget, but it does not show much.  Very good story and acting.  Watched the whole movie in one sitting.  Enjoyable.  Good old fashion horror story.  Again, well done, and worth watching.
Same review as season 5.  Too old, short of nostalgia no real reason to watch.  Give each episode 5 min for future reference.
The characters seemed a bit contrived to me... the cop next to incompetent... The angel in the rough call girl who decides to go for a swim in the nude during the apocalypse ??,... Etc. etc..  And the other characters are just as deep...with the exception of the heroine that we meet right away, and maybe the convict, who unfortunately fails initially to mention that the apocalypse is going on outside...All in all, not a must watch for me, but it has potential I think if they don't take so many shortcuts to try and make it interesting..
This show is garbage ; it has terribly wooden acting , stupid plots and nothing but a ton of shootouts to try to distract viewers from realizing this is crap . Attempting to make a modern day Western is just stupid because the Wild West days are over . Just more brain dead cult tv from FX .
I never made it to the first commercial break. This is a stupid vapid show. You can easily skip this one.
I have very mixed emotions over this latest entry into the long-running and much-beloved Stargate franchise. I fondly remember seeing the original movie at the theater and was immediately impressed by its imagination. As it evolved into a weekly series I watched as my sons grew and became enthralled in the story line with me. And yes, we even liked "Atlantis".The Syfy channel promoted this show as an "edgier" Stargate. I found that this did not work for me. The very elements that made the original movie and following 15 seasons so enjoyable was now totally lost in this self-inflicted reinvention. Stories that were once fun, adventurous, full of camaraderie & humor were now jettisoned in favor of a grittier, darker, gloomier, smuttier and meandering approach.Some shows can evolve successfully. What we had here was the results of a very bad miss-calculation by MGM Television in canceling "Atlantis". And then upon realizing their mistake the panic-ridden response to rectify this error by delivering back unto us a forced-format that was now supposed to be better because now it was "edgier"."Edgy" can be a dangerous creative mixture with a show like Stargate. "Edgy" can mean daring, provocative, and/or avant-garde. But the nasty flip-side is that it can just as quickly turn into something unusual and unpleasant. And much of this "Universe" seemed forced and uncomfortable.Example: One early entry went something like this. "OK, we have a room on board the Destiny that we are only now able to open and explore"... "Oh look, its one of those Ancient's Chairs, I wonder where this will lead?" We quickly find that it leads to an hour with an angry lesbian, a fist fight over infidelity, and "Oh snot, my girlfriend is a stripper".As the second-season cancellation decisively proved, this new and "improved" model was not the way to have gone. Yes, this was not "your grandfather's Stargate" but as it turned out it wasn't my teenage sons Stargate either. Those of us who wanted "edgy" adult science fiction got it from "Battlestar Galactica". Sometimes it is possible to "break the mold" and I feel this is exactly what MGM accomplished by hastily forcing this blend of science fiction together.And that's a shame. First off, because the 15 seasons of Stargate SG-1/Atlantis were unique, interesting and fun. It should never have ended so suddenly. Lastly, the second season of "Universe" seemed to start finding itself and showed some promise. It was just unfortunate that it couldn't survive the errors of the first season.I would have even accepted a couple stand-alone movies like "Ark of the Truth" and "Continuum" to have dealt with the season two cliff-hanger properly winding the show up. Though promised, I fear we will never see these. In a dorky way it would be cool to find a 10th Chevron that dialed the show back onto the airwaves.Note: You are right if you noticed that I did buy a copy of this DVD by "Amazon's Verified Purchase" notation. I confess. I love the Stargate franchise so much, and even though these two seasons are woefully inferior, there were cameos that forever connect it and therefore makes it necessary to have in the collection. I just waited till Amazon had a crazy sale to buy them.
This may be one of the strangest films I have ever seen. It seems it might make a Lifetime television film, but I am not sure that would work out either.The film starts out at a wedding reception in Phoenix, Arizona. All or most of the guests and the wedding party are from Minneapolis. It seems the bride wanted her wedding in a warm part of the country. Justin Long plays the groom, Scott, one of the few actors I recognized. Jess Weixler plays the bride, Kristin. Early on we find out that Kristin is hooked on Xanax, and Scott cannot afford the wedding nor the honeymoon. 'Lumpy', the best man loaned Scott the money for the wedding et al. After a hairy wedding reception where Lumpy drank everything in sight, made a mess of everything in sight, he is found dead in a field of cacti.  Scott and Kristin find they must bury Lumpy, not honeymoon and off they go.  The rest of the film is quite an interesting look at the world of Minnesota. The most interesting bit of this film is the young girl, Ramsey, played by Addison Timlin, who was a good friend to Lumpy. She is the focus of the film, around which everything else revolves.The other very strange part of this film is the bride's mother. I kept looking at this woman wondering how I knew her. It finally dawned on me this was Shelley Long of the Boston Bar fame 'where everybody knows your name.' She has changed, weight gain, lined face, weird spotted glasses,but the voice rang true. The mother is a busybody always saying the wrong thing at the wrong time. However, she added some spice to a pretty bland film. Not really sure what the message is from this film, it may be you never really know.Recommended Warily. prisrob 03-10-14
This is a rather pointless "horror" film.A group of 20 somethings are out in the woods, some long distance from the road to clear an area for a large camp site for kids...one you can't reach by car. The cast introduce themselves as a way to quickly build character. As they clear the woods, accidents happen and this thing turns into a "ten little Indians" tale for no rhyme or reason.The acting was decent. The dialouge was well written. The plot flowed rather well in spite of some issues, but there was no substance to the story...or maybe I am missing something. Some films are made better by not explaining what happened (Yellow Brick Road), but it didn't work for me in this one. After watching a fairly decent film, I was let down by the ending, the last scene which caused me to laugh (by design). The closeups of the chainsaw showed it didn't have a chain but a serrated blade made to look like chain.The land was donated by a family whose little girl was murdered, which didn't really enter the film. Apparently the land they are on is cursed, but by what and why? Did the girl being killed curse the land or was that because of it? Or was one of the campers cursed or a victim of it? Or was it all fate? The film will need a sequel to explain this one.Parental Guide: F-bombs, near sex, nudity (Grindhouse girl Emmy Robbin)Safety Note: If you have something embedded in you, like a stick, the proper first aid is to stabilize the item and seek medical attention. DO NOT YANK IT OUT. That opens up the hole and causes bleeding. Also the proper way to insert foam ear plugs is to squeeze and roll the end of the plug going in the ear canal, pull the ear back, end then insert it. You don't just jam it in.
I didn't know if this film would be awful or not.  Turns out it's in the horror-parody genre, most reminiscent of "Return of the Living Dead" (the first one, not #2 or #3) which was an amazingly enjoyable film to watch.  A couple decades later, this film has similarities in its tone and in the sheer fun it has with the zombie genre.  It definitely pays homage to scenes from a number of previous zombie films.  It has a linear plot: virus in a secret govt. research facility escapes, infecting strippers in an off-site illegal strip club, and things go from bad to worse.  However it has a decidedly comedic tone to the entire film.  It used as a source material a French play about "The Rhinoceros" (a gentleman's nightclub), hence all the references to French and European existentialist philosophers, writers etc.  In what other film would you get a stripper quoting Nietzche, or a spec ops guy named Camus?  It also pokes fun (repeatedly) at the George W. Bush administration-be forewarned- and it deliberately overplays stereotypes like the "crack special forces", the for-profit corporate contractors, the East European Madame, the greedy but inept nightclub owner,and so on.  It's not really very scary, but there's quite a bit of blood and special effects depicting violence at times.  And the "stripper" actresses are quite good.  They do make some beautiful stripper- dancers.  There is female nudity in the film.There are a few holes in the plot but it's all meant to be fun, so you can't take the plot all that seriously anyhow.Bonuses to the DVD include a whole bunch of trailers for other films, quite a few cut scenes (some pretty interesting), commentary filmtrack, and two fairly short clips on the making of the film.  I enjoyed the extras.  If you like zombie movies and parody, then you will like this film.
A nothing special &#34;Police Series&#34; about a young Irish cop returning to work in his home district of rural Ireland.
It was an interesting first episode that set up a lot of questions. I'd have to see more to decide whether Crisis gets more stars or not.  So far I like the actors alright. The show seems similar to Hostages with a lot of action, minor smack talking, and serious content.  The Crisis icon/picture for this show most likely foreshadows the answers to all raised questions in the thus far. lol.
Dollhouse is what happens when networks have bad ideas, and then hire good writers to carry them out.Bad idea #1: Signing Eliza Dushku for her own show.  Face it, Dushku can't act.  The only thing she can do is be Eliza Dushku, which, to be fair, she does quite well. (But, then again, I can do me quite well.)Bad idea #2: The premise. Why would you need to wipe Eliza Dushku's brain to have her do things that other perfectly well-trained professionals could do better? And why have the same person do all these things, in public, if you need to keep the whole operation secret?Bad idea #3: High heels. We know she is short, but Dushku's heels look really out of place with a gingham dress.Bad idea #4: Treading water for 5 episodes, having Dushku do pointless, implausible things (in high heels) while Whedon figures out how the ^#@! to plug up all the plot holes before the entire cast drowns in them.Good idea! Hiring Joss Whedon, who is a bit of a genius, and is the only person who could possibly clean up this mess. (After all, he had a big hand in creating it.)Good idea! Shifting the focus away from Dushku's 6-inch stilletos and non-existent bust, and featuring actors (namely Enver Gjokaj and Alan Tudyk) who actually can act.Good idea! Season two.  It was post hoc, but it was the only way to save Whedon's eternal soul (and reputation).Three stars for three good ideas.
I really want to like this show and certainly the actors are by and large, very good in it. But the dilemma of time travel is really too hard to overcome and this series is so cavalier in its treatment of the issue as to keep me from enjoying it as much as I am predisposed to. After all, SPOILER ALERT! SPOILER ALERT!! Kiera worries about changing the future but just about every more she makes, like the episode when she stopped a serial killer, could be changing that future drastically. She should have watched &#34;City on the Edge of Forever.&#34; And then there is the matter of tone. Just about all good series learn to vary it from episode to episode, to go from almost slapstick one week to somber and sad the next. The change in tone gives weight to all the episodes and makes the somber ones more somber.  But in this show, by and large, every episode is somber. If someone had a belly laugh anywhere in the two seasons, I missed it.
I loved this show when it was on weekly. The idea of romance for people the ages of  Lionel and Jean  who are reconnecting after years apart certainly appeals to my romantic side, but now that I am rewatching it, the shows seem really dated.  I guess some things really ARE better the first time!
The idea of the show is great and my son and I enjoyed the pilot episode. I like the idea of implementing science into a kids show. The characters are likable and experiments a great idea. Overall, a great show that might work out.
I just saw series 3 of Sherlock and I'm getting pretty disgusted with Steven Moffat as a writer.  He's taking liberties with both Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Who and turning them both into mawkish caricatures.  All that's left of The Doctor after Moffat rewrote him was some weirdo running around who occasionally throws out gems like &#34;bow ties are cool.&#34;  He did the unspeakable-- he Americanized Doctor Who (and Sherlock in series 3).  He definitely cheapened the series, though on the offensiveness scale it's nowhere near the crime against humanity that JJ Abrams perpetrated against Star Trek.I hate that orchestra that always blares and I loathe that &#34;Clara music&#34; that comes on whenever Clara shoves her face onto the screen.  She looks like a robot version of Haley from Modern Family and she fires off her lines and then stares ahead with those giant horse eyes.  To call her acting &#34;wooden&#34; would be kind.  Maybe they have to blast that &#34;clara music&#34; to soften her up!  It almost seems like she somehow bypassed casting and the writers had to somehow fit her in as painlessly as possible-- remember when she was a governess?Between the ostentatious sets, the orchestra, the shift from dialog to action, and all those scenes just oozing with sap, it's clear that Moffat needs to be replaced as head writer.  I don't get the sense that he's a hack like JJ Abrams who ghoulishly carved up Roddenberry's corpse for anything marketable, but he's taking the franchise someplace ugly, where he shouldn't.  He's taking it to America.  He's an excellent writer, but someone else needs to helm the series
I like the concept after only a couple of shows. Not sure where the bread crumbs are leading to. For now, its on my viewing list.
Co-produced by Hostel maestro Eli Roth, The Sacrament is the new film by Ti West, an independent director who has earned fans with slow-burning and old-fashioned supernatural genre films, including The House of the Devil.  The plot is set in motion when a fashion photographer is contacted by his estranged sister, a long-term drug user.  Claiming she is rehabilitated, she reveals she is now living abroad in an isolated Christian commune, which she invites him to visit.  With a pair of journalists from the alternative magazine VICE in tow, he travels into the jungle to find her and investigate.  Beyond a fence guarded by men with machine guns, they find a serene, technology-free agricultural community lorded over by &#34;Father,&#34; a charismatic preacher.  Father's disciples argue for peace, love, and freedom from the pace of the modern world, but dangerous secrets lie beneath the surface.There is no point in denying or dancing around this fact:  Father is a super-thinly-fictionalized representation of James &#34;Jim&#34; Jones, the notorious Indiana-born religious leader who, in the late 1970s, led his legion of believers, consisting largely of impoverished African Americans, to Guyana and later forced them to commit suicide rather than contend with outside intrusion.  He also ordered the murder of Leo Ryan, a California politician with a particular interest in investigating cults, and four others at a nearby airfield on the same day.  I knew The Sacrament drew inspiration from Jones and the tragedy he wrought before watching the film, but it made me far more uncomfortable than I expected.  In many respects, the film adheres to the true story beat for beat except Ryan and his colleagues are replaced by the VICE reporters, and the plot is revealed via their cameras (a &#34;found-footage&#34; format).  The dual aims&#8212;to build suspense and tease the audience in the interest of popcorn entertainment while also recreating Jones' enormous crime&#8212;clash against each other rather than coalesce.There is, I admit, admirable craftsmanship and showmanship on display as suspense slowly mounts via nervous sideways glances and other modest indications of the nightmare to come.  West is as ever a master of subtle time-release dread.  However, by the time the images we cannot help but anticipate do come (babies administered poison via a syringe, elderly men and women holding each other as they taste the poisoned juice), they send one's mind to an extreme and haunting place, and it is distasteful to see them blended with footage of co-star Joe Swanberg racing around the jungle playing a game of Paranormal Activity.  In my personal opinion, West's well-honed directorial gifts and the imposing, magnetic performance of Gene Jones as Father are worthy of a certain amount of objective praise, but nothing compensates for the resulting nausea as a grotesque event which resulted in over 900 futile deaths is exploited for empty-headed, sensationalist entertainment.  Other people's mileage will surely vary.
A team of parapsychologists led by Dr. Helzer (Michael O'Keefe) is hired by Alan White (Kai Lennox), father of two children Catlin (Gia Mantegna) and Benny (Damian Roman). The father, who recently lost his wife, wants the team to investigate strange events that have been annoying him and his children. To do so, the team's technical expert Paul Ortega (Rick Gonzalez) and "gatekeeper" Ellen (Fiona Glascott) set up cameras in the apartment rooms that may be haunted.It is unfortunate that "Apartment 143" ("Emergo") had to be released after the commercial success of "Paranormal Activity". The stories are different, to be sure, but each film employs a similar approach to the subject matter. Visually and technically the Spanish film is superb, but devices such as videotaped footage and handheld cameras are no longer refreshing.Don't get me wrong. Slick and fast-paced, "Apartment 143" is not boring, and the film provides some good scares. Some characters are interesting, Michael O'Keefe's super-rational doctor, for instance. Carles Torrens (marking his feature debut as director) knows how to scare audiences. Some of the scenes are really scary, effectively tense and creepy.One of the unique aspects of "Apartment 143" (written by Rodrigo Cort&eacute;s, director of "Buried" starring Ryan Reynolds) is its script that attempts to scientifically explain the supernatural occurrences that haunt the family. It is a nice idea, but the theories and reasoning presented in the film just don't convince.Had the film been released ten years earlier, "Apartment 143" would have received more positive reactions. As it is, the film looks familiar and even clich&eacute;d, in spite of s few pretty good scares.
Each season seems to get more violent and profane and I question if it is really necessary.  The staging is superb and Raylon is a true hero in his job, but we really don't have to see the steamy bedroom scenes to know that he is one sexy dude.  We swore off for a while to let them cool down but go back from time to time to see another edition.  Glad I don't have kids I'm trying to shield from all this obscenity.  Even so, it is still excellent drama.
The volatile political situation in Syria is the backdrop for the tepid new thriller "Inescapable." The ideas behind this movie are solid, this has the potential to make a riveting film experience. In fact, I really liked the story. But writer/director Ruba Nadda, who also made the lovely and understated "Cairo Time," really doesn't push far enough. Does she want to explore the current state of affairs in Syria? Does she want to create a tense action flick along the lines of "Taken?" Does she want to formulate an intensely emotional experience reflecting on the ideas of family and identity? Any of these approaches probably would have worked, but Nadda gives us glimpses of each without really developing much depth into any of the individual themes. Instead, we're left with a routine genre picture that lacks much impact. At the core of the film, there is an intensely emotional and harrowing situation. A man's daughter is missing and only he can save her. But as she's not a real character, only a plot device, nothing is really at stake for the viewer. The movie's screenplay never digs deep enough into the situation as to elicit actual viewer investment. It's a noticeable error. For though I didn't necessarily hate "Inescapable," I won't remember it at all in a few weeks.The movie does boast a strong and appealing central performance. I'm a fan of Alexander Siddig, Nadda also cast him as the lead in "Cairo Time." Siddig has an easy command and gravitas that suits the role well. He plays an ex-officer of the Syrian Military Police. Twenty-five years prior, he disappeared from Damascus to begin a new life abroad. Now a family man with secrets firmly squirreled away, he is forced to confront the unpleasant realities of days gone by. His daughter, a photographer, is reported missing in Syria and Siddig returns to the land and the people he left behind. Among those he encounters are his former best friend (and current officer) Oded Fehr and a complicated romantic entanglement played by Marisa Tomei. With their help, and that of embassy diplomat Joshua Jackson, he must unravel what happened and who holds his daughter before it's too late. The plot, as it is revealed, is particularly slight. But we do get to see Siddig return to his old ways.Here's the disconnect I had. The movie doesn't tell us anything about Siddig's current life AND it only gives us fleeting information about his old one. At only 93 minutes, the screenplay would have benefited from a great deal more exposition and character development. It needed to make us care! I liked the scenes between Fehr and Siddig and even those between Tomei and Siddig. They give you a glimpse of what a better and more involving movie might have been made. Overall, though, the plotting was relatively uninspired. Jackson is more involved than you might first suspect, but this effort to beef up his role never rings true. At least with a picture of this type, you know that you're in store for a big dramatic finale. No spoilers here, but you might suspect that either he'll find his daughter dead or alive. Doesn't matter, though, it would still be powerful stuff. Right? Not really. The movie simply ends within a few seconds of the final reveal. Blah. About 2 1/2 stars, I'll round up for Siddig. KGHarris, 6/13.
I only watched a few episodes because I think it's horrible but my teenage daughter loves the show, it is a teen soap opera
did not enjoy this movie. it was not what i expected it to be. maybe next time i will ask for information about it.
I feel kinda sorry for Saoirse Ronan: she's adapted two teen adult novels in a row (the other being "The Host") when this genre is ablaze, but yet met with failure both times. "How I Live Now" is "science fiction" set in the near future when the world engages in  another widespread war. Although it purports to be science fiction, it actually just recycles real events from previous wars: innocent civilian teens either impressed into military service or interred into slavery in forced labor camps (all of which has happened many times). There is a love story set against the backdrop, but it doesn't unfold naturally on the screen, and was significantly altered from the book: in the book Daisy falls in love with and engages in a torrid sexual affair with her YOUNGER first cousin, but in the book they make her lover her older first cousin (perhaps because a 14 year old boy looks like a child and a 17 year old girl looks like a grown woman?). Another difference from the book is that in the movie the invaders explode a nuclear device in London, and radioactive ash rains down on the kids (who never bother to scrub it off), but the book just says it was only a large bomb and it affected the kids in the country not one bit, who are living an idyllic life in the English country side. The movie does not take the time to develop the passionate relationship between Daisy and her cousin (who in the book, is the one who picks her up at the airport), nor does it build up to what subsequently happens; it all feels a bit rushed and lacking in character development; in fact, Daisy's personality is very different between the movie and the book (she never kills anyone in the book), and the movie makes her out to be a schizoid brat, whereas in the book she is simply alienated from her father's affection and feels unloved.  Another major difference is that in the book after the occupation ends 9 months later, Daisey returns to the United States for 6 years before returning to England. She is still in love, but her cousin is now basically a mental basket case because of what he witnessed during the war. The book is in no uncertain terms an indictment of war and of the consequences it has on the civilian populace and of the machinery that supports civilization; the ending is very, very sad.
I did not review this product. This product was presented to me as a download, and I wanted a DVD. So it was deleted from my purchase list. Thank you.
The show had a good premise, but it was unnecessarily vulgar. I thought it might be a good substitute for the IT Crowd, but I was wrong.
This lukewarm comedy is about a young couple (Ben and Lindsey) dealing with the aftermath of the Rapture, which includes flaming rocks constantly falling from the sky, occasional showers of blood, and an Anti-Christ named Earl, although he'd prefer it if you called him Beast. There's some kind of plot involving Beast's attempt to steal Lindsey from Ben, but really that's just an excuse to showcase some apocalyptic humor/sight-gags as well as the movie's fairly impressive array of comedic talent.There are quite a few problems here, however. Foremost among them, the script -- by the same guy who brought us Bill & Ted lo these many years ago -- doesn't have the steam to stay interesting. Second, although I've often enjoyed her in the many supporting roles I've seen her in, I'm now convinced Anna Kendrick just doesn't have the chops to carry a film. Her portrayal of our leading lady, Lindsey, has all the riveting depth of a glass of water. (Her boyfriend, Ben, is also about as boring as characters get -- his passion is sandwiches -- and the actor who portrays him is immediately forgettable.) Likewise, I love Craig Robinson, but his Beast is so cartoonishly one-note that it becomes tired pretty quickly, not to mention it robs his character of what little menace he's supposed to have. And he's definitely supposed to have some menace. He's the Anti-Christ, for Pete's sake. Add some story twists that make no sense at all (you know a movie's gone off the rails when it sacrifices coherency for the sake of an easy laugh), as well as a constant (and completely unnecessary) voice over by Lindsey that becomes more and more annoying the longer it goes on, and you've got all the ingredients for a flub.However! All is not lost. The comedians they got to work on this do their damnedest and the results are not without their merits. Rob Corddry, Thomas Lennon, Ken Jeong, Paul Scheer, John Higgins, Rob Huebel (probably my favorite of the film), Ana Gasteyer, and even Robinson when he isn't mugging it up all turn out some pretty solid and laugh-worthy performances. Ignore the uninspired and rote story-telling and focus on the tested comedy muscle, and this film won't be a total wash for you.
Poor coordination between spoken English and subtitled English. Poor camera work; at times just shaky hand held and the scene angles were not well thought out. Acting was overly stereotyped e.g. tough cop, supervisor cop, vengeful parent, seemingly innocent victim.Lots of holes in storyline with somewhat predictable scenes including ending; no emotional connection with victims. Israeli film studios need lessons on creative writing/film making from the French, Argentinians, Koreans.
Anyone with an interest in the minds of sociopathic serial killers would of course be fascinated by Jeffrey Dahmer. And I would imagine captivated as I was by the in depth  Stone Phillips interview series with Dahmer, his father and his mother.Unfortunately, "The Jeffery Dahmer Files" tells us nothing new, poses no new questions nor does it leave you thinking much of anything aside from wishing you had you had that hour and twenty minutes back. Documentaries are a genre which I adore. Brilliant  film makers such as Enroll Morris know and understand that the subject weaves the story - there is no room what so ever for hokey "re-enactments" and staged self serving dialogue.Director Chris James Thompson never moves past a dull and hollow presentation, there's no insight into Dahmer just a huge dependence on over played news footage and again community theater level  "re-enactments" all this makes for is pretty awful story telling and worse movie making.Take a pass on this dreadfully dull failure and watch the Stone Phillips interview series on Dahmer I assure you it's riveting and I believe it's also available in it's entirety on youtube.
THis is a somewhat low key, hard scifi film.  It doesn't go for cheap thrills or preposterously silly outcomes, but instead follows a mystery to the end with few frills.  That being said, there is plenty of action and legitimate fear, the joy of discovery, and realistic tensions and relationships within a team that lives in close quarters for a long time.  It is well done.As with many goods works of scifi, there is a mystery that must be solved that is essentially scientific.  Beyond the question of searching for ET life, you have to wonder what happened to the mission.  Their work is extremely dangerous, which is very well portrayed, but their inspiration and mission propel them forward.  I liked the way that the recovered transmissions were put together in a kind of retrospective documentary that reveals what finally happened in tiny bits, saving the most significant for last.THough there were few known actors, I also thought the acting was well done.  It's just that they were techies and scientists, whose concerns were rather recondite, but whose passion is apparent.  They bonded as a team, cared for each other, and felt losses very keenly.Overall, I would recommend this for renting but not purchasing - you probably won't want to watch it more than once because it is so low key.
I am HAUNTed by the fact that I just spent $7.99 to rent this movie!!!! Scroll away from the purchase page as fast as you can and DO NOT think twice about it!!!! If Amazon put this movie on a stream free give away I would still NOT recommend it, and would suggest that you flee from it because I would NOT want to be responsible for the curse of sorrow that you watching this movie would bring you!!!! Nuff said!!!!
It's mediocre. Principal was bad casting. The idea has a ton of potential compared to whats on these days. Take some notes from Workaholics and then tweak it a little.
Just about the time that I thought just about every possible variant on the TV cop/detective/crime solving show had been explored by the creative geniuses who provide our nightly broadcast television ration of pap, piddle and trivia -whoa - here came a show that tickled our Sherlock Holmesian/forensic knowledge fancy.  Whoever would have thought that poking around with microscopes and spectrum analyzers and picking up little bits of fluff at a Los Vegas crime scene with a set of tweezers could be interesting? But yes, it was and has continued to be for going on eight seasons now and has given rise to a couple of variants set in New York and Miami. All three of the CSI iterations offer a distinct challenge to a viewer who possesses a decent ration of curiosity about puzzles and mysteries but a very, very low gross-out threshold. CSI season 7 mercifully let up a little on the really gross visualizations and focused a little more on the puzzles. Nothing I watched this season sent me gagging from the room, so either they let up or I have gotten a little more used to maggoty corpses.Three of the special features in this collection focus specifically on episodes which made season 7 stand a little apart. The first is  a `making of'  "Built to Kill" a two part episode set backstage at the astonishing Cirque d Soliel, another covers  the definitive stunt-casting of all time;  Roger Daltry playing five different guest parts in "Living Legend".  And a third extra feature focused on the hunt for the "miniature" killer, which continued intermittently all though the season. I found the "Miniature Murders" feature to be especially fascinating, as I had built many inch-to-a-foot scale model interiors and buildings. Having a series of perfectly replicated half-inch-to-a-foot murder scenes showing up within hours of a real, full-sized murder offered a puzzle to Grissom and his crew that lasted all season. Very obviously, it would have taken an artisan of miniatures days and weeks to build such a detailed replica, and the feature made it very clear what a challenge it was, even with the resources available to a television studio. Other extras include commentary tracks for seven episodes, and a tour of the real CSI-Las Vegas offices; which, astonishingly enough, are very much more cluttered and not nearly as plush-looking as the series sets.
They've come a long way since the original Dr. Who. I still like the latest versions. If you are a Dr. Who fan, then these episodes give you a taste its origins... OK, but corny.
A few funny jokes but that's about it. I don't think it's sustainable over the long haul. I'd watch it if there wasn't anything else on, but I wouldn't go out of my way to see it.
Some good battle scenes. A little over the top with violence; but, then again, that was the reality wasn't it. Watchable.
and spiderman uses it like a toy and that's even the name of the episode like a toy..love to be able to watching it for free on Netflix, but very disappointed that I had to pay to watch it on amazon when I can watch it for free on Netflix, thanks again amazon for being to tricky sneaky and cheap
I seem to be very much in the minority when it comes to this show.  We get such offerings very late out herein the boondocks so I apologize for the delayed entry.While the show is well written and the supporting cast is excellent, the star spends far too much timesmirking and/or grinning like a cheshire cat, often at inappropriate times.  If not grinning widely, shestares off into space.  Ms. Montgomery is a better actor than this so I can only assume this is by direction.To me it really impacts on the progress of the story.That said, the supporting cast are all quite good, the stories are better than average for this kind of showand the production values are superior.  Worth a look and mildly enjoyable.
Nope nope nope. Boring, predictable, poor acting, silly dialogue, try's to be cute bite doesn't make it so just annoying
This is a good series with procedural episodes that have longer multi episode story lines mixed in. The way they tie the effects of an artifact to it's historical background is ingenious. I give this 3 stars because it's the multi episode story lines that being you back for more. The individual episode sorry lines can range from very good to very corny. Some of the special effects are sub par compared to the quality of the rest of the production. I also personally feel they tend to lighten a lot of the episodes up too much with unneeded and often poorly delivered humor. Some people however will feel this is the charm of the show. At the end of the day, if you like syfy and can look past (or enjoy) some cheesy humor or episodes that break up the good story lines then this site is very much work watching.
They had an opportunity to keep alive a good premise, but it has no character. I am comparing it to the BBC series though that had its own issues. If you didn't see the BBC series, you might enjoy it but I am not sure what the other reviewers saw to give 3 or more stars. The writing and character are just meh, it does not seem to have any life to it. The show may have taken it self too seriously and did not bring any real personal development to the characters. They should try again although maybe they should use the Battlestar writers. Note the BBC series states 5 seasons , but it is more like 2.5 and the 3rd season was a disaster with the 4&5 trying to find its footing.
I have not watched TV since 2007 but just buy DVD's. I liked the fact COPPER was a "period piece" but it wasn't anything like I expected. I saw it to be VERY violent & very graphic (I'm sorry, but I don't need to see people throwing up, people being shot and chopped up and LOTS of blood, or people having sex)  I wasn't crazy about a lot of the subject matter in the episodes either.BBC is a lot more lenient in "censorship" so there is also nudity, bad language, and definitely blatant sexual material. (I would not recommend this for young people. Then again, kids today are so desensitized......)  The show was fairly well done (but moved a little slow many times) and I liked that they were doing "new forensics" (for the time), but I won't be buying season 2 and I will be giving season 1 away to a friend.
To put it very simply...it's not awful but it's not great either. I enjoy Julianne Moore as an actress but this movie ok.
i was out by the second "song"this is a joke..."every where i look i see a chimpmunk on a waterski".....ugh
These episodes are fun and funny, but really not my favorites. The Snowmen is important to the back half of Season 7, but I do not care for the goofiness of the story.
I'm not a big fan of the &#34;strangers thrown together under mysterious circumstances&#34; show. With the exception of Lost most of them are just tedious(see The Nine, Drive, The Langoliers). This show, unfortunately, falls in the tedious camp.A group of &#34;random&#34; people including a French actress(?), a clown, a kvetchy rich woman, a tough hispanic female cop and the angry brother from Heroes are trapped in a building when apparently Godzilla or something has destroyed LA. For some reason once they get out they all go to the rich ladies house to play her Wii Universe or something. Somehow they all find out that they were born on the same date and then.... Yeah I know enough already. I don't care either.This is easily the weakest of this years Pilot Season with clunky writing and direction and uninteresting characters.
Quick Overview: Keira, a &#34;police officer&#34; from 2077 is accidentally sent to 2012 during a mass execution gone wrong. A group of rebels executed a time jump to fix the future by going to the past. Now, out of sorts and inconvenienced with a lack of technology, Keira tries to send them all back where they belong before the rebels do too much damage.I didn't feel like this is an awful series, but it isn't great either. It just didn't grab me, and I LOVE Sci-Fi, fantasy type television shows. Continuum just fell flat. The cast does a great job but the plot is just boring me to death.
This was an alright movie, not one I would go back and watch again.  A little slow and boring in spots.
This movie is a me-too movie attempting to capitalize off the success of pseudo histories such as Robin Hood and Arthur. My first objection to the movie is the font they chose to write the subtitles, locations, and plot points. It was difficult to read on my analog TV, especially when they opt for white on a pale blue background using an ancient looking font that is difficult to decipher in the first place. Now the reason why we have subtitles is for the Picts, who are native of Northern Britain. They don't speak English, but the Romans speak 21st century English, including one soldier with a British accent. "Sorry mate, but orders are orders," he says as he slices a Pict throat. OH PLEASE! If the Picts don't speak modern English, don't try to make it realistic with subtitles only to have the Romans speak English. The language spoken by the Picts is actually unknown.A Roman governor wanting to make a name for himself, opts to send the 9th Roman legion into the Pict stronghold in order to kill their king. The Roman governor uses a female Pict slave (whose parents were murdered by Romans, with her being raped as a child and her tongue cut out) to guild them into Pict territory. Guess how that works out Scooby-Doo? The ninth legion is wiped out except for the general who is taken captive and 7 Romans (who look more like an international group). They opt to do the stupid thing and attempt to rescue the general in the heart of a Pict camp. After they fail at that, they are hunted by Picts. For those who like killing, blood, urine, and violence this is your film. The overly simplistic plot, lack of good characterization, making us identify with the bad guys who we know will lose, poor attempts at humor, makes this the least enjoyable of the pseudo histories to date. They spent a lot of money making this film and wasted it on an inferior script.The story of the missing ninth Roman legion being destroyed by the Picts is legend. It actually got transferred to Judea.
Zero stars if I could. Actually, NEGATIVE FIVE stars if I could.Wow. I can't believe how bad this film was. It actually became excruciating about halfway through. I had to force myself to keep watching it, so that I could write a review. This film should be taken down immediately, and all copies, draft materials, and anything else related to it should be destroyed. It cannot be salvaged. You'd be better off starting from scratch, than trying to save this film. This is one of the most detestable, deplorable, despicable movies I have ever seen that has tried to tout itself as a "family film". Good grief it was bad. How bad was it? The most morally admirable character was the VILLAIN, "The Flamingo", and he's obviously not that morally upright. I would say that this film was written by a disbarred lawyer, but even disbarred lawyers are familiar with the basics of ethics and morality. The writers of this film seem to have no understanding, nor familiarity with ethics.Perhaps the greatest reason that superheroes are a classical storytelling device is the fact that they offer the opportunity to draw clear delineations between what is right, and what is wrong. Superheroes often face moral dilemmas, but what makes them superheroes is the fact that they make the right choices, no matter how hard it is to do what's right. Otherwise, they're superVILLAINS. Superpowers, super abilities, and super tech do not make superheroes. CHOICES make superheroes.Now let's examine the choices that this "superhero" family makes.Although the father recognizes that he needs to "protect his family from a murderous mainframe", when faced with the financial repercussions of possibly losing his house, he caves stating "fine, just don't blow up my house". So, finances trump family? Got it.Furthermore, the father loses any reluctance about the arrangement with the "murderous mainframe" once it becomes obvious to him that he can use the Grim Avenger tech to make his personal life better by using it for chores.After seriously scorching his neighbor's house using a laser to trim hedges, rather than try to repair the damage, or make reparations, or even confess to it, he runs and hides like the deadbeats who hit someone's parked car in the parking lot and leave without taking responsibility.The wife agrees to go to (in her own words) "a dinner date" at one of the most expensive restaurants in town alone with her gorgeous playboy coworker. All of the professional, married women that I know don't eat meals with nor travel with male coworkers alone, but only in a group.When it becomes apparent to the father that "The Flamingo" is rampaging across the city in order to force a showdown, the father chooses to address largely invented family emergencies instead, at the cost to countless other families.To spy on his wife on her dinner date with Richard, the father implants a Grim Global Positioning Tracker in Richard, even though he's at first horrified by the danger of implanting it in someone's spinal cord (but, hey, it's okay if you don't like the guy, right?) because he's "protecting his family". Evidently, trust for your spouse isn't requisite in protecting your family. (And later he ironically berates the computer for invading his daughter's privacy by checking Facebook.)The father, rather than allow Richard to drive away with his wife, destroys Richard's Corvette.The son, upon acquiring one of Grim Avenger's power gauntlets, and after destroying a neighbor's treehouse, rather than make reparations, or a confession, cuts and runs (perhaps taking a cue from his father's lack of moral compass).The son uses the power gauntlet to bully a bully (becoming the evil that he had resented and detested).The father constantly shirks his end of the bargain, doing everything that he can to avoid training and crime fighting.The father uses the "Hypno Spray" to brainwash the most popular boy at his daughter's school in order to completely reform him and force him to be his daughter's boyfriend, then congratulates himself with "THAT's how to parent!"The father uses the x-ray goggles to cheat at the scratch-off lottery, by finding winning tickets.The son and daughter abandon her tasered, unconscious boyfriend on their porch, because they're busy fighting over who gets the power gauntlet.The father uses the Grim Avenger super car just to get to his wife's dinner in the city, then uses the Grim Avenger persona to save her presentation by offering the persona for marketing purposes. (Then berates his children for using the super car to cheat "whenever things get hard", but never realizes how hypocritical that is.)The father allows his children to use the super car to get to school, so that he can continue to do marketing as the Grim Avenger for his wife. (Then is surprised when they abuse it to skip school and become more popular.) This also potentially endangers his family by exposing his secret identity, but the show never addresses this. It also eventually leads to "The Flamingo" gaining control of the super car, but fortunately for the city all he cares about is revenge, otherwise the city would have been screwed, no thanks to our "heroes".The daughter uses the automated super car to cheat and pass her driver's exam.The son speculates about selling Grim Avenger tech on eBay for money.The son uses tattling about his sister's using the super car to pick up friends so that he can get out of trouble for skipping school.The father puts his children in danger by pursing criminals with them just to show them how important of a responsibility it is (even though it's the first time that he's bothered to do any crime fighting).In answering his last chance questions, the father makes it clear in his answers that his family comes first, no matter the cost to society and the city. The movie deems that to be a virtue. What happens to the superhero (or superspy) families that were willing to put their families on the line for others? That viewed the well-being of society as higher than their own well-being? Since when is selfishness a virtue? Disregard for others? Unwillingness to sacrifice?The family abandons a helpless, tied-up Richard in the same warehouse that had previously exploded and killed the prior Grim Avenger.The movie tries to have a huge moment at the end in the final fight where the father "realizes" a bunch of things like "heroes don't need masks", but he doesn't actually realize anything meaningful. He comes off as a groundlessly cocky jerk, not someone who has been on a revelatory journey. It's trite, with all of the moral goodness of twinkies.The movie ends with the family continuing to try to find ways to pimp out the Grim Avenger persona for marketing money. (Then the father laughably asserts at the end of the film that "This city needs us" even though the opposite has been shown throughout the entire film.)So how's "The Flamingo" the most morally upright? He goes out of his way to make sure that his actions don't cause physical harm, almost to a laughable degree. On the other hand, the "superhero" family runs him over with a car, uses the "Hypno Spray" on him to brainwash him so that he can become their personal lawn care help rather than turning him in to authorities, and when the "Hypno Spray" wears off, they have a deadly robot ready to threaten him with physical harm if he doesn't trim their hedges. Nice. I'm so glad that a family with such a high regard for human life, and no propensity for abusing power has been granted so much power. (Please note the sarcasm. Please?)Much of this would have been fine if there had been morals to any of these experiences where the family learned that what they had done was wrong, and that there are more important things in life than themselves. This isn't the case at all. It's the opposite. Everything works out despite them not learning any lessons, and merely reinforces that they can cavalierly do whatever they want at the expense of any others. Most of the immoral and unethical things that this family does end up having ZERO negative consequences for the family (although, the same cannot be said for the innocent public who is saddled with this supervillain family).The problem with this film concept is that the family is detestable. The computer is right: they don't deserve access to the Grim Avenger's tech. They abuse it, and constantly put others in danger as a result. Their most dominant trait is family selfishness (they aren't necessarily selfish individually, but their family as a group acts selfishly towards the rest of the world). They act as if their family and the happiness of the family justify any other type of action, no matter the repercussions for the rest of the world. If this family has to choose between either doing the right thing OR being happy, this family inevitably chooses to be selfishly happy. This family is closer to a family of supervillains, then a family of superheroes. Like supervillains, they use their powers for family gain rather than for the betterment of society.This show is detestable for its lack of ethics, and tone deafness, and is likely unsalvageable. Relegate the whole concept to the trash heap, or be honest, and make a show glamorizing a supervillain family.
Like the actors and the storylines are good. I like the early 60's setting along with the styles.. The shows tempo is good.
Good show season, but looks like it won't be renewed.  Starting to get a bit tired.  Let's see what happens
I did enjoy this show, but I can see why it didn't last,  There were certain lapses in the writing that obviously didn't make sense and which forced certain lapses in the actors' performances because the script did not make sense, but you'd have to have a sharp, critical eye to really notice.
The show is good enough. No real value to it but at least it's not overly annoying.  You can put it on and read
Realistic characters, understated dialog, good cinematography and special effects all come up short in what appears to be an off-hand statement on current American Immigration Policies and the demographic shift in the southwest. If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the best parts. Disappointed not only with the money spent to rent it but the lost opportunity to make a genuine monster movie.  Watch Cloverfield or Alien Raiders instead.
Loved season 1 and found the second season entertaining. Season 3 seems to be off to a slow, melodramatic start, but staying with it for now.
If you read the book, nothing else needs to be said. This is a comic book in comparison. Really an insult to the fan of King. Let's pray they don't try to do 11-22-63 in this venue.
wow, great casthorrible scriptactors seemed lost trying to make sense of where to go with the scriptB movie, a shamecolin firth, god love him, great actor, but HORRIBLE southern accent..... geesh!!!and then the ending.... total deus ex-machina... all the sudden all is great and forgiven... PATHETIC...i hate blatant moral tale movies.... it's like the milagro bean field war on steriods.THUMBS DOWN
I have not enjoyed this season as much as the previous seasons.  As a a matter of fact, I am extremely disappointed and can't wait until it is over.  Why did they kill Teo?  There is no rhyme or reason to the story.
it's has it's moments, but overall, it's no where near as funny as the first season... the series seems to be going in a decline. uh-oh.
I was shocked. Didn`t even finish it.It was mind-blowingly shallow and infantile.Only FOX could ruin something as great as the original PB.Never in TV history have I witnessed a descent like thisfrom excellence with Season One to foolishness in Season Four.Only watch season one and forget they ever made 2,3 & especially 4
Heartfelt family drama or wacky screwball road trip? The new film "Why Stop Now?" tries to combine these two disparate genres. The end result is a chaotic scramble that is at its most successful when it quiets down and trusts its characters. The film boasts A-list talent like Melissa Leo and Jesse Eisenberg, here playing mother and son. Epitomizing the frustrations of a deeply troubled family unit, the two actually have a fair number of effective and emotional scenes. There is an underlying truth to the central story that is easy to identify with. But this is not intended to be a serious study of dysfunction and addiction, the screenplay also wants to take us on a ribald and outrageous journey. Personally, I think that sounds like a fine idea. The problem is that these scenes severely clash with the more nuanced moments. I won't deny that "Why Stop Now?" made me smile at a few of its sillier situations, but this might be a case of trying too hard! Instead of clever dialogue or amusing writing, every member of the cast simply ups the volume on their performance for the comedy bits. And louder does not make anything more funny. The actors are game and committed, the screenplay just doesn't back them up.Eisenberg plays a piano prodigy going to the biggest audition of his life. This happens to coincide with the day that Leo is going to enter a rehabilitation facility for her on-going drug problem. As the responsible member of the family, Eisenberg is nearly cracking under the pressure especially when considering the options for his future. The audition might be his escape, if only he can get his mom to step up to the plate for his younger sister. An unexpected turn at the treatment program, however, derails their whole day. Soon the pair will be screaming (literally) their way around town for a series of increasingly perplexing adventures. Joining a friendly dealer Tracy Morgan (he's more bark than bite), the day includes war reenactments, a quinceanera, and more family bickering than on a season of your favorite sitcom. Can Eisenberg pull it together? And with everything else going on, is this really the best time to court romance? The film is jam packed and overstuffed. Unfortunately, though, as much of the humor falls flat as hits its mark.Leo, as always, is a great actress. She does have a tendency to go big, and I prefer her more grounded and realistic. Her performance wavers between sublime and grating. Anytime the cast gets into the car, for example, you know that much shouting will ensue and whoever is driving will veer around like a mad man or woman. This happens several times and is never particularly humorous. Eisenberg is more consistently believable, although the film never digs beneath the surface of his character. Morgan is fine and Isiah Whitlock Jr (as Morgan's brother and muscle) ends up my favorite character because he never plays to the rafters with an oversized performance. There is plenty to like in "Why Stop Now?" and if you're a fan of either of the leads, you might want to check this out. However, the picture never came together as a cohesive whole for me. I ended up liking some of the drama, but the chaotic madness never quite worked for my taste. KGHarris, 12/12.
I liked the premise of the show, but the writing was pretty bad. So many bad clique stuff that is over used, and over done. I felt like I was struggling to make it through the episode. I think with some re-working it could be a good show, but I honestly don't see it going beyond this pilot episode.The actors where a mix of good and bad. Overall a disappointment.
Out of Stephen King's countless books, "Bag of Bones" is probably the easiest to adapt -- it's a straightforward ghost story about revenge, murder and writer's block.So of course it was eventually adapted into a TV miniseries of the same name, with Pierce Brosnan playing a bestselling author (take a shot) staying in a small Maine town (take a shot) with some ugly skeletons in its closet. The first half is a tedious affair, mostly setting up various clues for Brosnan -- but the second half is a genuinely disturbing, heartrending tale.After his pregnant wife Jo (Annabeth Gish) is killed by a runaway bus, writer Mike Noonan (Brosnan) is understandably devastated. He also finds himself unable to write, so he ends up heading off to the Maine lake-house that Jo had been fixing up for several months. He also is grappling with suspicions that Jo was unfaithful to him, since he was told that they couldn't have children.But during his stay, he begins to see strange ghostly events -- fridge magnets spell out messages, strong winds blow, and the music of 1930s blues singer Sara Tidwell (Anika Noni Rose) plays. Soon Mike figures out that there are two ghosts: one is Jo, and the other is far more malevolent.He also inadvertently becomes involved in a custody battle between wealthy, cruel Max Devore (William Schallert) and his beautiful daughter-in-law Mattie (Melissa George) over Mattie's young daughter Kyra (Caitlin Carmichael). But as Mike tries to figure out why Devore wants his granddaughter, he learns of a string of brutal murders stretching back through the years -- and the terrible crimes that started it all.The first episode of "Bag of Bones" moves at a very slow pace, primarily devoted to setting up the clues and the whole custody battle. In fact, a lot of it is about Mike drifting around, struggling to write and having strange visions that are (of course) prophetic -- and if it weren't for the occasional ghostly visitations, you might forget that this is a Stephen King story.One advantage of the slow episode is that it gives Brosnan plenty of time to develop Mike. Yes, he's another bestselling writer character with a personal tragedy, but it feels so much more REAL with Brosnan. He really makes you feel the life-destroying anguish of losing your spouse (possibly drawing from experience), and the passionate paternal feelings that Kyra stokes in him.But the second episode lashes together the horror, clues and custody battle into one dark, bloody package -- and suddenly the horror is flowing pretty quickly. Ironically, the most horrifying part is the human capacity for brutality (a graphic rape-murder scene, the attempts to kill children), but there is still plenty of ropy-faced zombies, curses and the occasional crazy old crone throwing rocks or scissors.One major problem, however, is Max Devore and his crazy sidekick Rogette. These characters are so utterly, revoltingly, sadistically evil that they become cartoons rather than antagonists -- it wouldn't surprise me if they tortured puppies for fun. And it's never really explained why various men want to kill a kid who isn't theirs. Do they think it will lift the curse? I have no idea.It takes its sweet time to drag itself to the horror content, but if you can hang on through the slow, character-building first episode, "Bag of Bones" is a dark and heartfelt ghost story.
A rather unique perspective the second World War. Rather dry and slow moving. For an American, there is a certain learning curve to appreciating and understanding the British, especially those of some 70 years ago.
There's just something about lance henriksen's work for years and years that attracts me..Even enjoyed his television work on series 'Millennium&#34;., which i didn't always GET, but it did provide a different sort of t.v.programing...On a whim, bought this second hand online for rainy day entertainment,when ive read all my books...(yup,it's true..no KINDLE.).Still luv lance's gravelly,smoke weary voice and that face that carries deep grooves,..but thats about it..Don't believe i finished watching it..Gave up..What the hell is that crap stalking the woods???Why oh why, must movie people throw in those endless flashbacks of a beautiful,mysterious girl, laughing, twirling ,running her perfect face,skinny butt, through fields of flowers???After having viewed thousands of movies in time, this is an immediate turn off.~~~~Of course, we realize early on,she's going to have to pay the price....Ah, well, if your a newbie to film, or very young, u might like this sorta thing, some grisly moments newbies might enjoy and then of course a little sex strewn about,which im not opposed to...but all in all, not for me. It was juvenile...Instead look up some of lances's old work, like in ALIEN;or theres a movie he made years ago where he is part of a marauding bunch of vamps, that is down and dirty, AND thoroughly enjoyable...What was it's name?...darn it...sometimes menopause sucks.
Francesca Annis especially was simply the wrong choice to play Tuppence. She looks more than 40 years old, rather than a young 20-something woman. Her partner, whose name I can't remember at the moment, was also too old. It made the shows leaden and ridiculous rather than light and fun.
You may not have heard of this movie, but it is interesting and appalling and worth watching. Get some popcorn and rootbeer and make an afternoon of it.
It was not as good as I was hoping and it moved slow at times.  There was some backstory of how he got there but there were still a lot of gaps.
I was expecting much more from Chris Carter.  After Breaking Bad, it's no question where the talent in the x-files really was..  The tone was uneven, the acting was mediocre, the writing was simple and humorless.  There was no subtext-- this is a step back in television-- the way it was in the 80's.To be honest, I stopped watching at the 33 minute mark.  I didn't care enough to watch any more, because with direction that bad, I knew whatever came after was sure to be disappointing.
OK so naked butts we can take any time as long as there is a good story somewhere... But this show was lost btw naked boobs, butts, addictive behaviors for spoiled people..... (yup those with way too much time on their hands and way too much money)....There is bad and then there is really bad... This is a thumbs down, kill, erase from our memories bad.
The doucmentary was good.  Interesting but not in great detail.  The poor video quality made it hard to watch.  Interesting about the Harpy Eagle, but I had to go to other websites to get more detailed information
I must admit that I was one of the original kids in the late 70's/ early 80's, who was obsessed with everything to do with VHS, video stores and movies. I even tried to persuade my parents into opening a video store. it began my legit collecting obsession. So I worked to buy used VHS movies.By 1994 I had well over 2,000 pre recorded movies. Then in 1997, DVD was introduced and unlike Blu Ray, it was a game changer for me. Over the course of the next 5 years, I upgraded to DVD, and while I knew many of my obscure VHS titles would probably never see the light of day due to either licensing agreements, lack of popularity or whatever, I was into DVD and quick and glad to abandon VHS and all of it's imperfections (drop outs, frayed tape, degraded picture with every viewing, poor audio; nothing like a cat purring sound in surround, horrible pan & scanned videos in glorious 240 lines of resolution,etc.).. A few dozen titles were never upgraded, but with the help of technology and a DVD Recorder, they were upgraded, the labels and boxes were stripped and converted for use on the new personal/private DVD version.As some of these titles have eeeked out in the past few years, I then replaced those too... I have been VHS free since 2006 and there isn't a day that goes by where I lament the format that spurred my life's passionate hobby. I doubt that people wish they could go back to black & white TV's, anymore than I want to go back to that over sized & bulky 1979 RCA 2 Head Mono VCR that sat in our living room on top of the console TV.. I have fond memories of those years, but things are now better. I am in agreement with a few of the people that were  interviewed, that Blu Ray, or "Boo Ray", as one guy put it, sucks and is going to die out.DVD still outsells Blu, and at the end of the day, it does comes down to "control of content". Blu Ray was a device created to prevent piracy, control special features and to charge a little more per disc, because DVD's copy protection was easy to circumvent and Wal Mart and other discount stores drove DVD's prices so low, it made the DVD brand nearly worthless for the studios, profit wise. However, there's a reason Blu Ray hasn't taken off, despite hybrid combo packs and recent low prices - the format is greed, and the public doesn't care.As far as the movie goes, I thought it was just okay. It spent way too much time veering off into sub subjects (Japanese culture, people making their own home movies with a camcorder, etc.) that it didn't really keep me focused all the way though. I did enjoy hearing about how mass merchants rejected art based covers from their store and tend to agree with the people in the film, that part of the excitement of going to the video store and selecting videos was sometimes based solely on the box artwork... But this was a small part in the film and just as it got interesting, it got bland again.. Also, there wasn't really any mention of the 1984 supreme court case which ruled in favor of time shift recording, while it kept hinting at that subject when talking about recording.There was one small part where digital copies (like UltraViolet) are the next big thing, and I also tend to agree, because of the quality, accessibility on multiple platforms and devices, and the big NOW factor. I am concerned as was another guy in the movie, that again, this could just be a control of content mess.. and after I, myself, did a little research and asked questions, I discovered the following: Amazon, of course, unfortunately, does NOT support the UltraViolet program, so you do run the risk of having any digital video content become "unavailable" at a third party's discretion..until said content is then renewed by Amazon. I found this highly troubling, and again, as mentioned in the movie, goes against the spirit of what it means to "purchase" something. If something can be given and taken away, you're just renting it.. So this is another medium that is either going to sink or swim based on user control.This part resonated with me, and it's why I have only 40 Amazon Digital movie titles and over 1,200 on Vudu with most being UltraViolet compatible.. Which, btw, is where I purchased and saw this movie (Rewind This).. Last summer I had spoken to people at Vudu and mentioned Amazon's 3rd party position and asked what their policy was regarding purchased content vs. it no longer being available to sell, I was told several times, that your purchased content and UV library is forever yours to view and download. It just wouldn't be available for new people to rent or purchase. So this helped me make my decision to take advantage of the UV digital copy wave; and I've been aggressively building this virtual library over the past 9 months..Side note: If a title is UltraViolet compatible, you can access it on multiple platforms like Roku, PS4, X-Box, most content enabled Blu Rays, smart TV's, Smart Phones or a computer through any of the participating UV partners (Vudu,CinemaNow,Target Ticket, Nook Video, M Go, Flixster, etc.) providing said partner carries that title at their location.. Oh, and accessing and watching your library on these platforms never costs a cent, because it's your content.I recently had a chance to see this policy first-hand in December; I went to watch a few of my Christmas movies and went to search for "Surviving Christmas"(don't judge me, I pay my bills..and I happen to like the movie).. Last Summer I had done a low cost disc to digital DVD to HDX upgrade on this tile. The movie could not be found on Vudu "for sale or rent", nor on a few of the other UV partner sites(for whatever reason).. but I checked my UV library titles,and sure enough, the movie was there in my Vudu library, so I immediately watched it. UtraViolet purchased titles are in fact different from what's offered for sale on Amazon Digital.. You can download both for indefinite viewing, but Amazon's Digital contracts suggest instability issues..If I want to run the risk of movies disappearing on a whim, I'd still be with Netflix.. This film (Rewind) didn't really get into that either, though hinted at the topic.There's so many other things I want to banter on about, and while I wanted to love this movie for it's geekiness, history and delving into a world I'm so familiar with and love; I wanted to hear more stories from other true collectors and even strangers regarding their collecting and renting habits.. or even a mention of how Paramount first started renting their videos through Photo huts film kiosks where you'd get a catalog similar to the old Columbia House catalog and call and reserve a movie and then go pick it up..This is how I first saw Saturday Night Fever when I was 10... However,after viewing Rewind This twice (had to view it again to be fair, since I hated it the first time for being so touch and go), it just didn't hit a home run or even merit all of these good reviews. There were too many cooks in the kitchen, not enough experience or spice. Rewind This left me feeling bland, hungry and disappointed with it's many missed opportunities. Another odd part was the guy who remembers the "be kind, rewind" stickers as something warm. It wasn't supposed to be cute, it was so the next person renting didn't have to spend time doing what the previous person should have done. Moreover, those stickers usually said you were getting charged a buck per video if returning the video without rewinding it.. fees are so warm and cute.....It's nice to think about the past, but the past is now the past, however, most of the same movies are still here, and for the most part, they look better than they ever did on VHS and that's the point. The movies themselves remind me of the past, not the crappy format. That's where this film drops the ball. We had HBO back in the early 80's, and the signal was really horrible, but I never sit around wishing to watch Friday the 13th with snow and static all over the screen.. Nor does this movie make me want to hit the thrift stores, flea markets and dirty junk piles for old VHS "gold", especially in a po dunk shacks charging $9 or $10 per VHS tape regardless of the title because some nostalgic saps who "love pan & scan movies over original aspect ratio versions" and think "DVD is broke 'cause it's got them black bars on the top and the bottom of my TV" or that VHS is like Vinyl - "it's gonna make a come back!"... No, no it's not.. but thanks, have at it. I'll gladly stick with DVD and UltraViolet.
Un-watchable.  Despicable.  Shameless.  Disgusting.  If you enjoy car accidents, you might enjoy this show.  The children are brainwashed, overworked, and abused.  The parents are desperate for money or fame or a vicarious life by exploiting their children.  The people involved in the coordination and production of these talent shows, etc. are sad, creepy individuals.I guess some kids will always suffer at the hands of their parents.  This show is a sad, vomit-inducing example of sick domineering adults ruining children's lives.  Here we watch a sampling of superficial, unkind, psychologically-lost Americans.I guess there is some form of entertainment in that.  Just don't support these maniacs financially by buying the show.  If you HAVE to see this tripe, find it on cable.
I liked it ok.  Seems like they were creating drama instead of letting the show be a show. That is it.
I Liked Covert Affairs, but it can be predictable. The lead Spy was questionable at times, yes,  and almost unbelieveable.
I'm surprised so many people enjoyed this show. I found the main character to be unpleasant and unlikable. The case was very dark, and there was so much smoking it was making me nauseous!
Tambor is great as usual but isn't enough to save this one.. It had some nice comedic moments, but seemed to be trying to hard to be this artistic deep dark comedy, which to me just came of weird and a bit pretentious.  Pass on this one..
I think the only issue that I have with this movie is that the characters are some of the most suplid ones I have ever seen, speaking and saying nothing but bulls*** and acting as pussies.Other than that the film is pretty intense with good special effects and a twist ending that is trully remarkably frightening.Still, I sugest you better check this one out in Netflix, and if you end up liking it, then buy this disc.
I rented this because it had an interesting premise.  I think they could've done more with this.  I really wanted to like it, but I was mostly bored.
Most of the jokes were fake headliners, which maybe only made me laugh once. I didn't like how it was shot either. It's hard to explain. It has this hand held camera sort of thing going on and a dark and gritty look. It didn't mesh well with the jokes for me. The story was pretty uninspired too. Kind of bland.
This is a short after the movie, kind of behind the scenes.  I watched it once, but wouldn't watch it many more times.
The lesson in friendship was a nice touch, although it could have been explored a bit more. And given Jim Henson's legacy as a puppeteer, the entire story would have benefited more from ''Muppet'' style, but the animation was still pretty good.Hope they continue...
The movie is okay but it can use some work. It has more 'lows' than 'highs' and the lack-lustful sex scences don't do much to pick it up. It has no excitement but there's room for it. Get some sexual or some type of movtivation conflict drafted into it some how to cause some type of tension that will bring or almost bring the house down. The movie has enough of variable scences to make it possible. Good luck.
So I have seen just about every behind the camera genre films .This one is not as good as some but it has its good moments .Its very intense at parts but not so far as for me to call this little film a horror movie .I suggest if u are a fan of this type genre film making then you should check it out .sorry I don't do spoilers I feel it takes away from the imagination Of the viewer .ENJOY&#128522;
Though I have not really seen very many full episodes of this program before, the ones that I have seen have bored me out of my mind. The plots are awfully dull, even though I do enjoy the music a lot of times. The performers are fantastic at singing and I enjoy many of the songs that they have covered, but the plots of the episodes are awfully bland to me. Other people might think differently, but that is just my opinion. I like the singing; just not the series itself.
This is a spinoff show from the Vampire Diaries. We know most of the characters in the original family and meeting a lot of new ones in the show. Too many immortals? I'm starting to think so.  I will give it more time to develop, but so far the plot is paper thin.This is series has darker lighting or is less attractive to look at than that seen in Vampire Diaries.  IMHO
This show is about as phony as any ghost hunting show. First, Brad Meltzer. Why does he need to stand in front of a field of mathematical formulas as if to suggest he is a higher order of intelligence when nothing anyone does has to do with math? The onset of the stories sounds interesting that Brad gives in the set up. The problem is that Brad does nothing!! He sits in front of a green screen and does no investigation himself. He has this team of "experts" who are totally laughable go out and "discover" the truth. One guy is writing notes the whole time (scribble scribble). The chick usually has nothing to do. The other guy is the driver who seems like he is still learning his job.Most of the time in their investigation, they take some red herring and find themselves out in left field from where they began. So what they find ends up being irrelevant and has no solid relationship to the initial conspiracy. I am watching the Lewis and Clark episode and whether or not Lewis committed suicide or not. In the end, there was no real information brought to the table that was not already said in the beginning.Much of the show is already set up, even before the so called investigations occur. There is no real inquiry, its just published information. As the case with Lewis, clearly the idea of whether he killed himself or not is not a new one as there are a bunch of books already published. In fact, they go and talk to an author and gets lots of "yes's".The show in general comes off as series of smoke and mirrors. Lots of flashy editing, zoom cuts, sound effects, and incidental music to create the effect. Brad chimes in saying nothing important, but usually either retelling what has happened, or foretelling what his "experts" will find out. So everything is already figured out.I watch the show out of curiosity and to see how many holes are in the episode. I really dont find him convincing or that the show brings out any secret history that might already be written elsewhere. I have never read his books and can see he has some reputation in the field. But like Dan Brown - they are fiction. No matter how real the facts are by themselves, they are linked by fiction.The show has one philosophy: "Proverbs for Paranoids #4: If you keep them asking the wrong questions, it does not matter what the answer is."
My kids ages 8-11 thought it was cute but too young for them. They would like to see some harder mysteries or different math problems.  They didn't think Victor vector was a realistic villain.  But they did want to know if there were more episodes.
It is, after all, a TV series. That said, it moves slowly. The characters are a little thin and stereotypical. But I like sci-fi, so why not more stars? The script totally skips over the invasion, starting the story during an early resistance phase - lots of potentially good action is simply bypassed. Next, the &#34;mechs&#34; are clunky, and the &#34;skitters&#34; are nicely slimy, meaning that the special effects are inconsistent. Nevertheless, at least so far, there is some good alien kick-ass in every episode, so I guess I'll keep watching for a while.
i like the first season okay.  not so the 2nd
I have watched this  show through all three series', and the first was really good,..I mean really good!Then  into the second it started to be more about family bulls*** and less about the show,.. the two main characters areabsolutely great,  really good enough to keep you  yearning for more. Both their personalities are perfect individually and when intertwined a perfect  duo.But when that Cowardly lion looking, big mouth cow of a mother comes into the picture, it absolutely ruins the show. She is a fat cow and her character could have easily been left out to improve the show.  Tommy's character enters the show with good intent. Her youngest brother plays a goof ball sissy and they picked a perfect  actor for his part.The story of the Mob father and and her finally finding her real mother is really cool.  But is has become a stupid Dramedy instead of a good Detective program.Really sad,... a perfect example of what has happened to Good Television shows in this and the last decade.I have started watching City Homicide on Hulu, which is an Australian series that started in '07 and it is the show this one should have been and ten times more.As I have bought the Amazon season pass for this show,.. I have finally decided it is not worth the money ,...and believe me, the crap Amazon puts out there about , "Cancel at any time".. That is bigger bulls*** than the show itself.Don't waste your time !
I really enjoyed the first season of Continuum: the heroine fighting for the big corporations, while her enemies are striving to change the rather sordid future that awaits mankind, was a unique juxtaposition of good and bad; unfortunately, this season seems to have lost some of its charm and uniqueness.  I have only seen the first three episodes, however, so things could yet turn around.  As of now, it is three stars.
Good acting, realistic dialogue, and the beginning of good characterizations.  However, the pace of this mystery is excrutiating hence the finale is anticlimactic.  I think they could have compressed this story into 90 minutes.
Been a fan of this series for four seasons.. Understand the desire for writers to push the envelope however this time S5 episode 1 crossed the line. For me anyway. Afraid I am done with the series. Could have accomplished the same plot line and emotional impact without exposing the audience to such graphic and obscene footage. Too bad too because the story seemed to be headed in an interesting direction. Thank you Mr. SUTTER for four great seasonS. Going to return this and give JUSTIFIED a try.
Not sure what to expect from this movie, I was not overly excited from the description of this movie, but I did find that this was a decent enough dramatic thriller that makes you wonder how things will end.  Although the story is not terribly original and seems to borrow from the pages of the news it does a decent enough job to give you an entertaining story.  The acting is solid and the story entertaining, although it has some plot holes for sure.  Its worthy of a rent, but not sure it would bring you back over and over to watch again and again.
I was fairly disappointed in this season, especially the episode where the characters got caught in the video game.  Although to me, this was very hokey, the actors did their best to pull it off instead of making it a complete spoof.  The last two episodes were pretty good and back on track.  Warehouse 13 has a very good and unique concept, and I would like to keep enjoying it for years.  The plots that can be written about are practically endless, given all the artifacts there are in the world.I recommend that the writers don't get into a rut with the plot always being the same, no matter what  artifact is being presented, while at the same time the writers ensure that the episodes don't get so far out that the plots are not relatable to most of the adults watching the series.  That's a fine line to walk sometimes, but Series 1 and 2 were able to do this.It is delightful to see more of Mrs. Fredrick and Claudia since they are both unique enough characters to be the sparkplugs that drive the mystique of each episode because both their characters are set up to do unpredictable things.  I hope Mrs. Fredrick doesn't become &#34;normal&#34; and continues to be mysterious.  The other three characters are more the anchors for the series, and it is always a pleasure when H.G. pops in as #4 to bring the uncertainty that this character gives to the series.For me, the mix is pretty perfect.  Although I wasn't going to buy Season 4 when it comes out, after writing this review, I want to give it another go.  Have a great day, everyone!
There is practically nothing I could add to the other 1 star reviews - other people already said every single word I wanted to say about this show.In short, not to waste somebody's else time like mine was wasted by those series: awfully slow, boring, a really dumb set of characters, truly inept plot twists.I watched with my finger on the fastforward button for the second half of the 1 season - does not look I missed anything considering that nothing happens for about 75% of the time.The pilot was good and I had such hopes for that show.. well, those went the way of many hopes. Total waste of time, these series.
I had seen a trailer for this on the IO9 sci fi blog site and it looked interesting. I have always been a fan of what used to be known as &#34;B&#34; movies both sci fi and horror and that's what I would consider this to be. Good action but rather weak character development which isn't necessarily a bad thing, I wasn't expecting Shakespeare and it was a decent enough popcorn movie. I tend to buy a lot of movies for my collection but this isn't one of them. It's worth a look the first time but I am not tempted to watch it a second time.
I had high hopes for this movie based on some of the other reviews and the fact that I like Richard Gere and Susan Sarandon. Unfortunately, there were few redeeming qualities about this movie and their acting wasn't among them.The storyline fell flat, the acting was shallow, and Richard Gere's character was a total A-hole. Didn't care what happened to him at all. And it turns out that his wife, played by Susan Sarandon, was just as bad. She really didn't care what he did or how he did it as long as he didn't bring his problems "to their doorstep" or get their daughter in trouble (the daughter was the firm's CFO).The entire film felt like a made for TV movie, not a national theater release. Actually, it felt like a Lifetime channel made for TV movie!The only redeeming character was the young man who begrudgingly helped Gere's character. He was the only one who had a heart and deserved leniency. He and maybe Gere's daughter.The kicker for me though, was that the movie was so poorly done that they put Susan Sarandon in a cheap prom-like gown to go to a charity ball. Now, keep in mind that Sarandon and Gere's characters are multi-millionaires in their mid-50s. So why in the world would she be in an ill-fitting ugly cheap dress that looked like a 1980s prom gown?Why do I care about the dress? Because it just highlighted the fact that the writers and directors did not pay attention to small details that would have made this film more believable and more worth watching. As it is, Arbitrage was a thrill-less drama with a stupid ending that should have left me wondering what would happen to Gere's character. Instead, I was left wondering why in the world I wasted my time and money on this ridiculous movie.
Intriguing at times, but  the smart people sure are dumb. Startied out liking the first couple episodes, but the lead analyst investigating the conspiracy is so haphazard, he would have been killed early on. And why would a filthy rich widow investigate her husbands death alone and continues to investigate even after a direct death threat. The show and plot were just very weak and unbelievable.
It is always nice to get out while you are on top, before you are caught with your finger in the pie. This is what a dishonest, cheating Robert Miller (Richard Gere) is attempting to do. This is a semi-crime drama that comes at you rather fast with no time for character build up. Robert Miller is unlikeable, but the film doesn't build character for anyone else. I found myself rooting for minor characters who are more honest than Miller, but not puritanical.Brit Marling as the overly smart daughter played a convincing role, but Susan Sarandon as the wife did not have the lines she needed to excel. The individual scene dialouge was predictable. The film is more of a crime drama with the financial empire and deals being part of the background dealings setting up Gere's character.Might be worth watching once. A film you will forget an hour after you have seen it. Not a keeper.Parental Guide: F-bombs, brief sex, no nudity
Standing on the shoulders of the Wizard of Oz is not enough to make this show interesting. There's plenty of better/new ideas that warrant an entire show, like Tumbleaf.
When Amazon announced it's line up for the new pilot season, I had high hopes for this show. I was very wrong.A woman owner that knows nothing about football, a GM with no experience, players that are walking, breathing stereotypes, and a monkey that sniffed coke and fired a gun. That's what this show is.The comedy in this show was crude and predictable. Most of the main characters weren't even likeable. If this was to get picked up, if they continue with the same tone as the pilot, I'd expect more of the same.The only reason that this series even gets 2 stars is because of the Fox Sports Sunday crew and Billy Dee Williams being on the pilot episode.
I am desperate for sci-fi and this filled the bill after&#34; Falling Skies&#34;. However, this one is like a twin  to &#34;Lost&#34; which started out strong, but became less and less tolerable after 3rd season. Sci-Fi doesn't have to be &#34;believable&#34; The entire premise is its stretching of reality...but as another critic says, if the laws of physics and plausibility are constantly defied only frustration can result. Science fiction means that some &#34;science&#34; must enter into the formula...I want to like this. There are few enough new series that make us Sci-Fi lovers joyful. I don't understand why, since there is plenty of good sci-fi fiction screenwriters could draw from! Still I will continue to follow this as long as it doesn't degenerate further. I hate the &#34;Lost&#34; quality about it... But first seasons can be experimental and some series do improve in second season...Here's hoping!
My teen daughter and I used to enjoy this show so much.  The 3rd season is a bit less enjoyable than the first two seasons though.
&#8220;Grand Piano,&#34;inspired by Alfred Hitchcock&#8217;s &#8220;The Man Who Knew Too Much,&#8221; never achieves the caliber of the Hitchcock film but it is a neat thriller in its own right. Tom Selznick (Elijah Wood) is the most talented pianist of his generation but has stopped performing in public because of stage fright. Years after a catastrophic performance, he reappears in public for a long-awaited concert in Chicago. In a packed theater, in front of an eager, expectant audience, Tom finds a message written on the score: &#8220;Play one wrong note and you die.&#8221; In the sights of an anonymous sniper (John Cusack), Tom must get through the performance and look for help without being detected.There are flaws in the scripting, but Wood does an effective job of conveying Tom&#8217;s fear and confusion as he proceeds with the concert under incredible stress. Though not exactly an average Joe, Tom is caught up in an extraordinary life-death predicament and must rely on his wits to get through it. The mystery of why the sniper has fixated on Tom is revealed as the story unfolds and the suspense escalates.Bonus DVD extras include a making-of featurette, interviews, and a behind-the-scenes look at the film&#8217;s stunts and visual effects.
If you're looking to watch a action packed, thriller/mystery, this is not the show for you. The story line in this series is painfully slow and lacks the intrigue of most new shows of similar genre. If you do attempt to push through a show or two be fully prepared for the over the top characterization of the main detective and her new to homicide partner. It's a cliche show with little to no creativity.I'll usually make it through a full episode or two with little to no distraction, but found myself doing other things around the house while it was playing in the background. This show's truly not worth your time.
Thank you, Amazon, for portraying a middle-to-upper class Jewish family in a dirty, gritty, yucky way.  Which next ethnic stereotype are you going to break?  Asians?  Are you going to do a series where they aren't cast as smart?I was drawn to this because of Jeffrey Tambor who always plays quirky characters with gusto.  He did not fail in his gusto for playing an advanced, middle-aged, bald man who is either a cross-dresser and/or wants to transition from male to female.  The three adult-children are all freaky and creepy.  I didn't like this for the same reason I didn't like the movie, &#34;August: Osage County&#34; -- while the acting was superb, watching a really screwed up family was beyond weary.Personally, I want shows that make me laugh (The Millers), make me happy (Glee), feel original (Seinfeld) (Glee), inform me (Jon Stewart), impress me with their acting (Big Bang Theory) (3rd Rock from the Sun).  This did none of the above.  I really don't want to see a married woman lusting for her college lesbian lover.  I don't want to see the son disrespecting women and doing whatever freaky thing that was alluded to in the mystery surprise scene.  I definitely want to remove the memory of Tambor in drag.This the 4th Amazon Original that I'm trying.  So far, Alpha House, is the only one that I like.  The rest will not bring me back for a 2nd viewing.  Oh, um, I probably will stop sampling these at 4.  I'm done.
It's okay. I watch all of the paranormal shows (bad habit inherited from my mother) and this one is just okay. The best character (person) is Hart Fortenbery &#8212; The Godfather. One of the younger guys is really irritating, if you've watched the who you know who I'm talking about.
I've loved this series but there is there is a turn towards violence over character and plot development that diminishes my interest in this series.
This is really slow paced show but it is interesting.  These people have developed systems to make it on their own which I find rather amazing.
What has happened? This was horrible -  This was offensive and I'm tired of unnecessary nude and sex scenes that have nothing to do with the storyline.  Urgggg
Yet another police procedural right out of the basic TV Writers Guide to Cop Shows. From the same source as Chicago Fire, it follows the same template.  However, that is a miracle of realism compared to this show.  Here we have an intelligence unit (maybe THE intelligence unit, even big departments don't usually have more than one) which seems to perform few of the functions of an intelligence unit.  The unit also seems darn small for a major department and is apparently populated mostly by former calendar models.  Then there is the usual hard-bitten, street smart, brutal when required sergeant who performs few of the functions of a sergeant.  We also have the now standard TV organization of mostly white people with a black guy in charge.  Now, it would not make for exciting TV to watch these guys trolling through databases and writing reports for 51 minutes.  But a little credibility wouldn't hurt a bit.
Waste of decent actors in an overly broad, unfunny comedy.There is no reason for this mediocre, derivative show to exist. It is too reminiscent of USA Network's UNNECESSARY ROUGHNESS, even going as far as to steal the joke about confusing football uniforms with costumes in that show's pilot.  Natalie Zea is given horrible material as a scatty heroine barely a few steps away from being a bimbo.  The other characters are stereotypes: the wimpy new manager who rises to the occasion, the goofy but sincere screw-up player, the semiretired quarterback who needs a comeback set up as a potential love interest for the heroine, the sexist businessmen trying to buy the team. Awful, predictable dialogue and outcomes you see coming a mile off.The attempts at humor are too broad and unfunny, with every single point in the story telegraphed from way off as if the show was afraid we're too stupid to keep up.This is probably worst of the new pilots.
"South Riding" is a beautifully-filmed BBC period drama. I was drawn in by the premise of an independent and intelligent young woman making her way in the world, and hoping to inspire young women at an all-girls' high school to attain greater heights. The setting is 1930s Yorkshire, and Anna Maxwell Martin plays the role of Sarah Burton, a strong-willed and fiercely opinionated young woman who returns to her small town of South Riding to apply for the post of headmistress at an all-girls' school. Though she lands the job, she finds that many people in the town are not as open to changes as she had hoped for, even if this means a brighter, better future for her students.One of Sarah's strongest critics is landowner Robert Carne (David Morrissey who first impressed me by his performance as Colonel Brandon in Sense & Sensibility (with Miss Austen Regrets  BBC TV 2008), a single parent with a young, highly excitable daughter, Midge (Katherine McGolpin). Robert finds Sarah's opinions a bit too modern and highly idealistic, but he himself is battling desperate economic times, and gets behind on his mortgage payments. Robert also has a dark secret concerning his wife, Muriel (Lydia Wilson) and their history is reflected through numerous flashbacks to the past.One of the strengths of this drama was the development in the relationship between Sarah and Robert, and the strong chemistry between the two leads made the love-hate relationship appear credible as viewers see mutual dislike give way to grudging respect and affection. These two characters were very well-developed, yet many others in the drama were not as well explored. One in particular was the role of Sarah's admirer, a quiet Scottish barrister, Joe Astell, played by Douglas Henshall. Both Sarah and Joe get along famously, but it is evident from the beginning that Joe has a thing for Sarah, yet she acts as if she is oblivious to this, something which I found difficult to believe. I would have liked to see more of Joe, and discover his life and background, and what made him come to South Riding in the first place.I felt one of the main weaknesses in this production was the insufficient development of many of the secondary characters. The production had a rushed feel to it, and this is particularly evident in the final episode, where events careen at a rapid rate, and where everything is presumably neatly tied up, but viewers are left feeling disappointed and let-down, with many questions left unanswered. I'm guessing that budget may be the cause for this, as the story had enough in it to have made several more episodes possible. It is a pity as South Riding had enough talent in its cast and potential to be an excellent period drama.
I tried to like this movie but couldn't. Too much non-sensical violence and so many stone faces you think they filmed this thing on a really grimy Easter Island. Jean Claude looks desperate as if going through the motions and Dolph looks like he hates being in this mess. Someone needs to tell the makers of this movie arty shots do not make up for a turgid plot.
Not too great a story. Lots of overacting. I have followed other series with more enthusiasm but will check out Season 2 to see if things get better.
What happens when you leave a child unattended for a few minutes, only to find out that the child has ventured out of the truck, in the cold winter, and is found too late. With this premise, the movie is about the parents, both a little screwed up, and certainly not parents of the year. The father, who is responsible for the event, never quite makes it through, and one can tell ahead of time where this story is heading. Sad, a great reminder that children must be under supervision at all times, and more depressing than anything else. 3 Stars.
Weird.  Gory.  I've seen worse films.
I expected to laugh out loud when watching this show and I just never got that into it.  It's a fun premise, but I didn't feel like the acting or the characters followed through on the promise.
Nine Things about the Movie &#8220;V/H/S/2&#8221; [USA, Indonesia, 2013]1. In 2012, &#8220;V/H/S&#8221; was released. It was an anthology horror film, about some people that break into someone&#8217;s house in the middle of the night. They find a room of VHS tapes, and one person stays behind to watch the tapes, which turn out to be &#8220;found footage&#8221; horror films. There was about 10 minutes of interesting material in the whole movie.2. Here&#8217;s V/H/S/2&#8221;. It is an anthology horror film, about some people that break into someone&#8217;s house in the middle of the night. They find a room of VHS tapes, and one person stays behind to watch the tapes, which turn out to be &#8220;found footage&#8221; horror films. There is about 5 minutes of interesting material in the whole movie..3. The first story is about a guy that gets a video camera for an eyeball, which lets him see dead people that move his video game controller and teapot. He meets a girl that got an electric ear, which lets her hear dead people, including her fat uncle. She has to take her clothes off to get him to leave. Together, they meet other dead people, who are mean.4. The second story is about a zombie attack. Now, you might think that a zombie attack, told from the point of view of a camera on a zombie, would be interesting. But you would be wrong.5. The third story is about a cult that waits until a documentary crew arrives before they go on a murderous rampage and give birth to a demon. The story makes absolutely no sense, but it&#8217;s the best story of the whole movie just because it has the most gore.6. The fourth story is about a group of teenagers that like to have sex and masturbate. But their fun is ruined when aliens invade their house and start killing them. This time, we know the whole terrible story because a camera was attached to the family dog.7. This movie underscores the problem with &#8220;found footage&#8221; horror films. Everybody needs to be filming everything at all times. People need to have cameras in their eyes, on their bikes, on their helmets, in their clothes, in their house, in their car, and on their dog. And they need to all be filming 24/7. And once everybody is dead, someone has to find all the footage and edit it together into a story.8. If you think the &#8220;Paranormal Activity&#8221; films are documentaries, this movie might scare you. Otherwise you will laugh at the cheap effects, the cheap scares, and the cheap acting. Characters will think of the stupidest thing to do, and then do it. Not to mention the fact that each story barely has a plot, anyway.9. This movie proves that &#8220;found footage&#8221; horror films have not only jumped the shark, they&#8217;re not even in the water anymore.
Poor acting and scripting, I didn't like this series at all- very corny!  Story was a good idea-Poor translation.  The actors were awful!
This was anxiety-provoking to watch:  I wanted so much for this actress to find her voice.  Instead, we have another version of "Grey's Anatomy", this time in Denver.  What's important and what is valuable in this story line seems to be the perceived awkwardness of the protagonist rather than the knowledge and care of her patients.  Force of personality to make this a viable premise just isn't there:  instead, a lot of talk about high school, social hierarchies ("10 Things I Hate About You" anyone?), "flop sweat" and being "uncool."  Please.  If the appeal is to the 12 to 18 demographic, then maybe but to an adult audience?  Not smart nor edgy enough.  It is just the Pilot, however, so it might be worth another look see if for only to see where this actress might take "Emily Owens, MD."I have continued to watch this series and while a bit spotty in places, that is, tentative dialogue, shaky plot lines, I have found that elusive voice that is all Emily's own:  mature and in the place she finds herself with less frequent references to high school faux pas.  Relationships between colleagues continue to be established on a realistic level with tension between the "should be" couples as opposed to those that are. In this episode, "Emily....the Good and the Bad" there is a strange sort of melt down and less severity coming from the Chief Resident character.  On the other hand, Emily finally gets it:  she doesn't need to be so hard on herself especially when she tries so hard to be honest and good.Onto Episode 8 and we are back, so disappointingly, to high school rivalries, childish competitiveness in the lab while waiting for life-determining test results.  Really?  Some good lessons in between but not redeeming enough to rid this series of an overriding theme that detracts from every other subplot.  It's "Mean Girls" meets something like Grey's Anatomy but not nearly as mature dramatically.
there is too much sex in the 1st show and not enough character development . It was easy to figure out what the father's was hiding and easy to know the 2 girl lovers from college would get together and I have no idea about the brother and the younger sister don't want to watch it again
I never read the book.  I hated this movie. First of all, I could barely understand what the main character was saying most of the time.  Regardless, it wasn't entertaining, just annoying.  I'm guessing that it is "trying" to be intellectual, but I just found it to be fragmented, distasteful and uninteresting. This movie jumps around, has a lot of ineffective voice overs and comes across as a poorly made B movie.
Wow what some egos in this.  New levels which I've never really seen before.  The plot line is pretty good & is fun to watch.
No class, utter waste of time.
While I do like the show, it can be cheesy at times.  I do like how they end each episode, making you want to watch more, I don't like the cheesy one liners, not the awesome ones but the ones about feelings...blah blah blah my heart, not to interested in emotions I just want action.
Can I have my hour back please?I really hate twists at the end of shows and movies that have very little to do with the show or movie I just watched, but I imagine it MUST be hard to fasten on a twist ending when the entire plot is a slimy eel wriggling in your grasp. That's simile.I'm not sure what was going on, and I don't guess that this show knew, either. I think the writers were watching "The Walking Dead" and thought aloud:"Let's make a show about OUR OWN apocalypse!""But, hey," another writer said, "zombies are SO last week.""Vampires have been done to DEATH," injected Jamie Kennedy, coughing and stuffing his face with cheese puffs. "What HASN"T been done in a while...or EVER (successfully)?" They all shrugged their shoulders in a non-committal fashion and started hacking out the script for "THE AFTER".Putting aside the bong, they busted out the 20 sided die* they had from their Dungeons and Dragons game and made an alphabetic list of things that could cause an apocalypse that might be remotely entertaining, beginning with Aliens, and ending in Zombie-hybrids (leaving out E for "Ear Mites", I for "Indiana Jones Impersonators", L for "Leprechauns", P for "Preying Mantis", R for "Rascally Rabbits", and W for "Wascally Wabbits", much worse than the former).The only saving grace with the characters is that they were so fresh and original, no cobwebs to dust off these babies! A black prisoner innocently convicted, a white lawyer who's secretly corrupt, a vaguely hispanic female cop with everything to prove, a gay guy with a wacky day job, a slutty blond from someplace South-ish, a rich jewish lady with a spanish housekeeper, and... this will shatter your religion... an IRISHMAN who drinks WAY too much! It's preposterous! Am I forgetting someone...? Oh, yeah, the security douche bag. I think there was a protagonist too here somewhere, but tacked on in a slap-dash manner and thinly portrayed. Not worth further examination.That's called sarcasm.The featured characters are what Thomas Harris's Hannibal Lecter called "Desperately Random", which means NOT RANDOM AT ALL, but wishing to SEEM so. In THE AFTER's sense, it means that the characters are so oddly varied and/or paradoxically foiled against one another that it makes one wonder if they used that same 20 sided die to determine what half of the characters would be from the list: "Harry's Hackneyed Stereotypes to Avoid at All Costs!", and the other half just trying to make some allegorical diatribe about how things should be in a perfect world we don't have (boo-freaking-hoo!). Every time the convict talked about black folk in jail I wanted to slap him.Foil: innocent black man sent to prison for a murder he didn't commit vs. slick, white lawyer breaking the law by soliciting a hooker in a public stairway.Foil: same innocent black man with the "CAN DO!" attitude vs. the passive-aggressive white-spanish cop seeking to put him away, but ultimately, and utterly, ineffectual in any real sense. She was the ONLY authority figure in the ambulance and just caved like a jellyfish to the whim of the very guy she was sworn to capture. She would happily put away that innocent black man, but he's too busy delivering CANDY CANES and WHOOP-BUTT to protect the group, and he's FRESH OUT OF CANDY CANES, baby!I think the events that not even the police or the crowds stumbling around oblivious even realized was going on (...Wait, WHAT?!?!?!..) was that someone farted on set, and it was just really, really bad, so they had hours and hours of footage trying to figure out who farted. Seriously. Watch the parts of the show where people are just wandering vaguely here and there, scared of nothing in particular, but refusing to go back to their ordinary lives, and just imagine someone off camera letting one rip. You will suddenly understand method acting.At one point, all the people are racing around with luggage like they all remembered they had planned a trip to Majorca that afternoon and they're all going to miss their flight.Keep in mind, all this time there is NO ACTUAL APOCALYPSE going on. There are NO ZOMBIES, or anything else ATTACKING ANYONE, NOTHING is BLOWING UP, STARTING on FIRE, SHOOTING PEOPLE or BEING SHOT at BY people, and yet the mob of pedestrians decide to attack the group as if the "heroes" were Bogarting the latest iPhone design! It would be like you hearing a boom, losing power in your work, going outside, and then losing your mind with no conception of why you were there, blundering about for 45 clueless minutes and THAT'S when you see a group of folk in an ambulance and you just have to tear them apart with your bare hands for no particular reason! Why in the heck doesn't anyone just go home or back to work?Perhaps that's the reason why there's the non-apocalypse and suddenly a group that has no reason at all for hanging out together suddenly go all Scooby Doo Mystery Solvers Club despite their vast differences--or their secret sameness-ess-ess...? I don't even think the actors knew that the big-screen quality of the first 95 POINTLESS percent of the movie was going to sprint right into a cheesy "B" production right at the end. That's the REAL twist. Surprise! There's NO MORE MONEY LEFT to shoot this show. We blew it renting a wedding mansion, the 200,000 stand-ins, and these cameras. Good thing we didn't RENT the cameras, or they'd be going back, too.They really believed that if they just gave the group enough momentum that their pace alone would mop up any plot leaks, but it actually WAS the plot (or plot-synthetic) sprinkled all-too-liberally with brief, shambling pauses for character development. There's NO TIME TO EXPLAIN! Get out of the elevator! Now, let's talk about our feelings. Get out of the parking garage! Now, let's talk about our feelings. Get out of the street! Let's hear about those feelings. Get back to your hotel room! Now, let's hash out our feelings. Get in the ambulance! Quick, feelings? Bust into the mansion! Consensus... feelings? Sprint into the forest! Let's see how we're feeling. Get fondled by a naked, tattooed contortionist in grey henna! Feelings anyone? Get in your time machine and warn yourself not to watch this show... awe, dang. Can't do that last one. Show's over. Maybe time travel will be in the next episode. I have a... feeling that it might (could be F&%$#&G; anything, really).*Spoiler - They landed on D for "Demons from the Netherworld", and guess what? Each character has the same birthday. Hmm. Not sure that matters in the history of ever. Oh, but they each have a tattoo-like birth mark that together make some sick artwork on the back of the demon that stalks them for the last two minutes of the show so that it can give them shoulder massages in the forest. So, the fact that the SCG (Stereotypical Character Gang) are all suddenly so chummy and comfortable around each other is because they are all secretly connected despite having been introduced in an entirely (muffled snickering) random way. I'm blowing your mind now. Sorry. (SHHH.. its not random at all... keep it a secret...)I cannot even imagine what randomly (hehe) generated cinematic gold we will stagger into aimlessly in the next episode! If anyone in the next episode says anything to the kin of "You guys are my family, now!" I'm going to have to wash my eyes out with soap.
This one is a softer, more emotional type of character for Mr. Statham. It is a very interesting story and is told in a slow pace. There is a gay component to the story that I liked also. A pleasant watch just don't expect a hard edge action movie the entire time.
The stories are really over done.  People who give it 5 stars a closet soap opera fans.  I want to like it, and do at times, but man, the over the top BS, is a bit much.  I guess that is what it takes to get ratings.
Shameless! At least, that's sort of how I envision a trailer for this flick - a throwback to the days where scene clips were overprinted with salacious and titillating titles. &lt;g>Talk about old school. Charles Bronson must be smiling somewhere as 70's and 80's anti-hero crime fighters have made a comeback of sorts.Funny thing is, when these low-budget monstrosities were new and headlining theaters, I hated them. Pointless bloody messes whose moronic plots screamed "Exploitation!" with a capital 'E' and exclamation slammer. But now I see them for what they always were: Silly, ridiculous and staged for laughs - essentially live action versions of 'Itchy & Scratchy'.Interestingly, this retro groove has found a new life in amongst the studio processed glop of the 21st century, pushing it's way back into the mainstream pipeline.'Hobo' encapsulates the very best of these elements and blasts them across modern digital screens. From the opening credits clunky font and electro disco-esque soundtrack, to the all-important cherry red blood sputtering scenes. All the while making sure to sidestep morality or any sense of reality - this is supposed to be fun.While I still don't quite 'get' the entire genre that was once dominated by B-movie specialist actors like the late Robert Ginty, schlock movie actor-producer Andrew Stevens,  and the crew from Tromaville - there's something fascinating about any culture that revels in such cheap indulgent entertainment. In fact, almost the entirety of Bollywood is made up of this kind of vapid throwaway flick.Not interested in a cultural debate, so I'll say that if you've ever harbored the desire to take up vigilantism against a streaming horde of rotten unholy nogoodnicks - then this is your flick. &lt;g>Again, I still do not enjoy these kinds of productions, but I greatly appreciate the intentional artistry and clever stylistic revamp. It's not easy doing a period piece, even if that period was full of crap.Ultimately, I'm happy for my man Rutger Hauer. Always pleased he gets the nod from producers as I know he'll get a nice payday.Movie Notes:- Directors/producers of these kinds of blood-n-gore productions are accurately portrayed by Steve Martin in the sublime 1991 film "Grand Canyon". Watch it and you'll get a peek into the business of filming these kinds of flicks.- If you enjoy the modern grindhouse, I highly recommend catching "Drive Angry" with Nick Cage. Awesome flick!
who manages to solve crimes in her own way. Nevertheless, she gets the job done with few outbreaks of bossiness and a staff that seems to respect her methods.
not really as good as the other pilot programs it probably wont be made so don't get invested in it
For the first time in a long time, saw and episode that I regretted paying for.  And that is a bad thing.  I gonna stick with this series for a while, but it's just not as layered and complex as it used to be.The brilliance of this show is its ability to address &#34;virtue&#34; on a very physical level.  I think they have of lost their way in this manner.
It seems like the more companies Disney takes over the worse they become. They now own Pixar, Lucas films, The Muppets and Marvel. And they have ruined all of these franchises. The last few muppets movies were horrible. The las few marvel movies were horrible. And the last few Pixar movie have been terrible as well. This movie is no exception It has average repetitive action scenes and predictable plot. would not recommend.
I'm assuming the producers are seeking feedback from the viewing public so here goes:The main character is a supermodel playing a really bad actress who opts to face the apocalypse in her miniskirt when she had the chance to change into jeans or shorts at the hotel.The stereotyping of the characters is almost comicial, black guy=escaped prisoner, lawyer=self centered sleezebag, lawyer's female friend=prostitute/golddigger, the guy in the clown outfit=gay, mexicans=gang members.Then there is the peculiar fact that just because being briefly stuck on the same elevator together they for some reason feel compelled to stay together throughout the chaos and mob scene.The other thing that became really annoying was the Australian guy dropping f bombs every other word.I would probably continue watching the series if it was on, as long as unfolded into a reasonable story line but I would not pay to see it.
The most interesting part of this story as that the starts didn't survive this episode. It will be intersting to see what happens in hte fuure. Not a movie for the faint of heart to be sure.
diverse characters forced to work together to survive... ok, interesting premise.  however the lack of a plausible disaster (crowds milling around aimlessly with no power is not a disaster) and other silly plotting made this unwatchable.  fair acting and character development and some very lazy writing.
The program is not about dreams but about reincarnation. Two young boys have inexplicably strange obsessions and horrific nightmares, describing events they could not have possibly witnessed or been exposed to. One child claims his name is something like Peter, seems to understand German, makes drawings of WWII fighter planes and of evacuating children from a war zone. On the forth of July, he is terrified by fireworks and leaping on his mother begs her to keep her head down. The other child keeps saying he has to go to Hollywood where he works, claims his name is something other than it is, tells his mother, Jennifer, that Jennifer is his daughter's name and says that he was born on a different date than his birthday.Through patient research and excavation, both sets of parents identify who the children may have been in former lives. Intriguing and thought provoking.
If you believe this tale, I have a health care web site to sell you cheap. If you like you bogus Warren Commission Report, you can keep your bogus Warren Commission Report. Period!JFK, RFK, MLK and Malcolm X were four leaders, two black, two white, slain in the 1960's by the same men (LBJ and JEH). This version, based on the debunked and disregarded WCR, is as hokey as it wants to be.The only redeeming quality here was to see how much FACT is totally disregarded by the WCR crowd. Too much license was taken to fill in the parts that would go unexplained without some fabrication.
it's probably meant for the young vampire show and walking dead type show lover. We weren't a fan. probably wouldn't watch it again.
ATM (David Brooks, 2012)ATM, the first feature from director David Brooks, is a run-of-the-mill thriller. Really, that's it's major problem, and the reason it seems to have attracted so much vitriol. Sure, people are complaining about the script's plot holes, but come on, The Island made, what, eight hundred billion dollars or something? And it had plot holes large enough to swallow this entire script. And, yeah, the characters make some stupid moves, but again, this is a horror film. Horror films without characters who make stupid moves? They're not horror films, they're something else. (I'm not sure what, because in forty years of watching them, I can't recall ever seeing one.) All the other complaints I've seen about the film are strengths, not weaknesses. But I'm getting ahead of myself (and would have to dive deep into spoiler territory anyway, so I'll probably conveniently ignore them).Plot: three co-workers, David (The Hurt Locker's Brian Geraghty), his best friend Corey (Josh Peck, the longtime voice of Eddie from the Ice Age animated franchise), and possible future love interest Emily (The Raven's Alice Eve), are headed home late from their company Christmas party. (Goof note: early in the film, Corey refers to the fact that it's three days before Christmas. Every time you see the security camera footage from the ATM, the footage is dated December 17th. Is Christmas on a different day in Manitoba?) Corey is both hungry and broke, so he asks David, who's driving, to stop at an ATM. Through a series of misadventures like those you're used to seeing in both horror movies and stupid teen sex comedies, all three of them end up in the ATM vestibule. (Unfortunately, this is where the teen sex comedy similarity ends.) When they go to leave the vestibule, standing between them and their car is a masked man wearing an anorak (the anorak becomes important). They figure he's just waiting in line to use the machine until a random guy walking his dog wanders into the parking lot, and is quickly, and brutally, dispatched. The movie then becomes a waiting game, with the three players inside trapped and trading recriminations, while the anonymous killer just stands there, watching, and occasionally disappears in order to make amusing thumping noises to scare the victims.I'm willing to write off a lot in horror movies (for example, what most people are thinking is the Big Twist part of the Big Twist Ending is a simple misunderstanding that will be cleared up by all the principal parties five minutes after the camera stops rolling) without taking points off; that's just part of being a fan of the genre. And like I said before, it comes with the territory that you're dealing with stupid people making stupid decisions. The problems arise when the script fails in its continuity--for example, have one character being so close to cold-related death as to be delirious halfway through the film, and then, five minutes later and with no added heat source, having that character be the most lucid in the vestibule (for the rest of the film). Annoyances like this, when it comes to movies like this, are absolutely legitimate, and should be criticized. But it's not an awful movie, even if it is yet another entry in an oversaturated genre. If you can dismiss the silly continuity errors (and get past the fact that while Brian Geraghty is a solid character actor, he may not be quite ready for leads yet), it's good enough late-night Netflix viewing if nothing else looks appealing. **
A soap opera with good acting. The plot thickens rapidly in the pilot and the story lines are depressing. Not for me but, with its' cast of fine actors, this show could have appeal to many.
I wanted to try out Amazons new shows and I think this one is my least favorite of them all ...
I have watched the original Danish &#34;Den som draeber&#34; and have to say it is way better than the softer American version. The US show is not bad but the original series is way more creepy/chilling.
I've never actually watched Entourage, but I'm willing to bet that my initial reaction that this is "Entourage for nerds" is probably pretty right on. It's written both by people who know how nerds talk without pandering, and people who have watched quite a few sitcoms in the last ten years. There's honestly nothing super-duper special about the show, but I rather enjoy it. The main characters fall into distinct categories (Anti-Social Nerd, Terrible Nerd, Main Character Nerd and Super-Dweeb), and Ed Begley Jr. is pretty underused (because he does weird very well, and I want more of that weird), but the characters actually seemed realistic, down to earth, and normal. Terrible Nerd falls into a lot of the traps that most of the other characters of his ilk do, but again, nothing that seems out of the ordinary. It seems like the show might be a good slice of life comedy for techies in modern day Silicon Valley, and it's made cheap enough that I could see it getting picked up just because, well, why not?
Some interesting information and film footage about this military genius who is stymied more and more by Hitler and his inner circle. However, the episodes are out of order. Be sure to watch #3 first, then #2, and lastly #1. It would be helpful if the German speech excerpts were translated into English.
Terrible show. Way to much cussing which doesn't make the movie any better. Do not watch your wasting your money.
Throughout this film I kept wondering, &#34;Just who is this family? What is this all about?&#34;  'All Good Things' is a story taken from true life. A wealthy real estate dealer and his two sons live in a large mansion in Long Island. It appears the mother committed suicide, and one would surmise that one reason is the father Sanford Marks, played by Frank Langella.. A mean often vicious man who always gets what he wants, no overtly physical abuse, but plenty of emotional abuse is apparent.David Marks, played by Ryan Gosling,  the younger son seems meek and mild and has no interest in his father's family business. He meets a young woman Katie, played by Kirsten Dunst, they marry, go off to Vermont and set up an organic food store, 'All Good Things', where they are very happy. Enters dad, telling them he will no longer support this lifestyle and they move back to New York. It is here that things fall apart. David is lifeless and listless, Katie goes onto college wanting to become a physician. But time takes it's toll, the marriage falls apart and Katie goes missing.Kirsten Dunst plays this role to the hilt, as a woman at a loss to understand who her husband really is, and I had the same question throughout the film. Who is David, really? . The man we first met, the man she married has completely changed. Was he hiding some sort of psychotic imbalance? The rest of the film is creepy in a sense. We view the film from different episodes, past and present. Ryan Gosling certainly plays this character well, keeping us and himself off balance. The fact that this is a true story is eerily chilly.Recommended For Those Who Enjoy Suspense And Confusion.  prisrob 01-19-14
I gave this three stars because the bad kid was a red head.  Could it have not been another girl?  Perhaps a girl of the same shade as our main character?  And could they have not made up at the end at the party with all the other kids of various ethnicities?I think that would have been a slightly healthier message to show that the people who seem most like you on the outside are not always like you on the inside.  It would take away the racial stereotyping and add that much more savvy to Sara's already sharp mind.Teaching math is always a touch proposition via media, and specifically television.  Maybe there can be an act four where Sara explains the math for the kids who aren't so bright.  I've known a few who are brilliant mathematicians, but their media digestion rate simply cannot keep up with the feed given to them.On the plus side I think the animation here, traditional animation, far exceeds a lot of the other proposed pilots.  I like that a lot.Respectable offering.
Well, Minnie Driver was my main reason for watching this and she was only in it for, like, the blink of an eye. I love smart teen horror movies, but this is not one. The songs are uninspired. Skip it.
This pilot was entertaining, but music and art are not my thing.  I could see liking this as a movie or mini series, but not as a full show.  Where would the plot even go?
When I read the description for this program, I thought maybe the bully was the victim, that maybe this was jus talionis like "Revenge of the Nerds."  However, the bully is the killer as one can assume.  He killed the victim and placed pieces of his body in the sewer.Maybe this is an example of the proverbial nut not falling far from the tree.  When police went to the teen killer's house, his parents had sooooo many explosives inside that they had to clear the neighborhood and bring out a bomb squad twice.I guess it hits a nerve with me personally.  Both in youth and adulthood, men have been harsher with me physically due to my overweight size.  I hate the way big boys are presumed violent by many.  Here, however, the bully was a dangerous big boy.  The work ends with an interviewee opining that this was a serial killer in the making.  I'm not sure if it's polite to curse a child like that; these concerns were raised in the film "Minority Report."If you are a law-&-order type, you may hate hearing what light penalty the killer recieved.  Still, this touches upon teens being tried as adults, a controversial issue that is only alluded to here.
This was a wonderful show until the silly over dramatic Root character, and now the extremely boring Shaw character, have made it something to fast forward thru
It's entertaining, but not the old Ghost Hunters I used to know. It's getting more commercial and Travel Channel. A word limit on these is silly.
Be aware, when you start watching the first season, you will not find out who did it. There is an episode of padding thrown in, instead of a resolution. I understand that season 2 will not show a resolution until the end of the season. I resent this type of manipulation of the audience. Starting a new mystery, before the end of the first one, would have been acceptable to me, but not drawing out the ending for so long. I will not be watching season 2.
This show was ok it was not that original but it did have a good storyline. I'm not sure I would pay every time I want to see it. Its a little too stiff and its hard to tell who is really the tough guy and who isn't.
I watched this show till the end because it at least, had some suspense in it. But as the movie was progressing, I started noticing the lousy writing and dialogue between characters. Then the blocking was stilted, then there was zero motivation as to why the characters were doing what they were doing~!yeck - no to this....
I like science fiction dramas.  I like end of the world dramas, but you had a mess of a storyline.  Some pretty bad acting and making a french woman the lead character is strange.  You don't even explain why she is french but auditioning for rolls in LA.  The scene with the ambulance and driving out of the underground garage.  Why on earth would the cop just hang on to the back of the truck and not be inside?  Made no sense.  I thought okay maybe they did that cause they were gonna have her pulled off the car and she would die or be in jeopardy for a minute, but nope that didn't happen.  She was just hanging on to the back of the car like she just belonged out there.  Like it was natural?  The tattoos - should have been explained in some small amount when introduced not just shown and forgotten till the end of the episode.  The fact that it is indeed the end of the world when a demon/angel or alien shows up - well you'd think there would be a hell of alot of angel fire coming from the heavens or aliens causing mass panic or explosions.  Since they will clearly be the big bad in the story you should have explained the situation better. Maybe had some of the panicked people running around mentioning strange monsters that fell from the sky etc.  Reference the red eyes.  Anyway the whole storyline was a mess.  Get the writers to re-work this if you follow through.
Well done, to be sure but not something I enjoyed.  Just not to my liking.  I should have known better, just wanted to try it out.
the plot is fairly interesting. The acting looks just that like there acting. If you want to see a good police drama watch the shield
They hit a slump here. I also think they really miss Glenn Close. When she joined the show the number of viewers went up 30%. With her gone the show really struggles.
Potentially this is a great series, but after a few episodes I felt it wasn't getting anywhere. There seems to be a lack of intensity, with story lines that just drift off. I am sure it will all come together in the end, but I don't think I will stick around since I am not enjoying it enough to wait. However, the concept is fascinating and the acting is excellent.
come on people these are for kids...  I don't care that Diego is &#34;suave.&#34;  he needs to do something with his hands other than putting them all over Dora...  Is he in this country legally by the way?  i don't want my 3 yr old exposed to an illegal immigrant or whatever they're calling them these days...  enough.
Great acting by actors who seem to relish the limelight.  The intensity of this actor makes me think of a lightning bolt looking for a place to strike.  He's pretty to look at in a dark sexy way, but I really like to see an ensemble cast with multiple plot lines developing each character; I think I get more cluck for my buck.  I get the impression that larger than life character wouldn't permit that somehow; he upstages everybody else to death.  Subsequent episodes might tone him down a bit, but I doubt it.
This is still a good series, not as good as season 1 though. It seems more of a drama now :-(Still very entertaining.
I stick with this show because the music is great, the acting is great...... the plot not so much. It's the typical TV show plot of the times - gay, drunk, murder, sex, back stabbing, pretty people with to much time and money in other words it's PC.
Pretty regular network attempt at entertainment... Bland indeed, lacking any sense of risk taking. Won't last long at all on TV
I did not read the books the series is based upon.... Thus, my comments are not based on the merits of the books - but only on what I have seen on the series.A well written program should stand on its own merits - you should not need to read a series of books to make sense out of an hour long program.  Having said that, the series does not make sense to a new viewer.  There are plot holes large enough to drive a truck through.  Much of which appears on the screen just does not make sense.The tv series is a generic werewolf program. There is nothing, so far, to set it apart from the pack.The cast appears to be heavily medicated - they sleepwalk through scene after scene.  There is little to no "dramatic tension".  It is very difficult to feel empathy for such a bland and uninteresting cast.I cannot recommend this series.
This show left me feeling confused. I think it wants to be groundbreaking, but it comes off sort of smarmy in places. It&#8217;s as if they've taken the Prairie Home Companion, mixed in some Girls, thrown in a little Arrested Development for flavor, and basted it with The Royal Tenenbaums. It makes for an odd mixture. Not bad&#8230;just odd. Making a show about a man revealing the fact that he wants to live his life as a woman can be heartwarming and emotionally riveting or it can be a travesty and trivialize a very serious issue. From what I&#8217;ve seen so far&#8230;the jury is out on which way this show is going. This is not my top pick to be made into a series. However&#8230;have you seen Mozart in the Jungle, yet?? NO?! Stop reading this and immediately go watch. No. Really. Leave. Now.
Okay. This is supposed to be Lovecraftian...right? Well, BARELY. Just because there is an amorphous many eyed monster in it does NOT make it Lovecraftian. I'v been a Lovecraft fan for 40+ years and I'm pretty sure the man from Providence would have declared it "utter rubbish." the script is bad, the acting is bad, it isn't funny (although it tries to sell iself as such) and of course it is true that it shouldn't be...but it belaboredly tries to be. This junk bites the big pickle.
This is for the Episode One Night.This entire series just barely holds my interest. it has just the bare minimum of explanatory material to take it to a high school mentality level, for those in high school,  instead of a 6th grade mentality. However, episodes like this one are lazy writing, inane, and intellectually annoying.So, Will and his new girlfriend (Abby) are accosted by gang members in order to save their leader's life. The writers of the episode couldn't think of anything else, so they wrote in the leverage that if Will didn't save the gang leader, the second in command would kill both of them. Really?So let me get this straight. The second in command, wanting the leader to be saved by Will, threatens to kill Will, if Will doesn't save the leader? I mean it looks like she doesn't have any leverage at all. Will could simply say he wants this or that (safe passage after the fact, for instance) or she might as well shoot the leader herself, since that's the logical outcome. (The second in command wanted Will to kill the leader by making it look like an accident, but she still had to make it look that way. Killing Will remains an illogical way to achieve that end., and so the evaluation I offer is valid.)What's more, the gang will probably kill them anyway (Will and Abby deduce this). So, in fact, the second in command has no leverage at all.In the mean time, Will concocts  a plan whereby Abby gets free, and while free the first thing Will instructs her to do is call Sanctuary. Abby does get free, and runs back to Will. Her explanation is that she didn't want them to kill Will because she escaped. Again, if they kill Will, their leader dies. Two things here: (1) Why can't she make a simple 20 second call to Sanctuary before coming back and (2) Killing Will is the same as killing the leader, so until all avenues of Will saving the leader's life are exhausted, Will is safe.Very poor deductive thinking and thus poor writing. Of course if you're a sixth grader with limited mental capability, you probably won't notice the fallacy. For the rest of us, we do, and I won't be purchasing the next season. I purchased the entire 3rd season, so I will probably finish it. But then is see ya to bad writing and an insult to average intelligence.
Universal Solider 1 set up that the army found a way to reanimate a corpse and control it. So they thought. Things go a bit iffy when two of them begin to regain their memories and recall they have unfinished business with each other. The second was a mega flop, where Luc Devenroe or whoever it is Van Damme plays is pretty much back to normal and helping to stop the worlds worst wrestler ever from taking over the Universal Soldier army. Part 3 was a blur. I just remember thinking it had nothing to do with the original film, it just brought two characters back.Now a 4th installment. Now Luc is the bad guy? Dolph Lungren is back, after being killed how many times now? And they work together? Lungren takes orders from Van Damm? WTF??? A new guy with Van Dam moves is the new good guy? Who wrote this? And have they even seen the original movies?Had this movie NOT been in the Universal Soldier name, it probably would have been passed off as maybe 2 and a half stars... but to take the original hero, and turn him into the villain? It's just dumb. It's like making a sequel to a popular hero movie and for no reason at all, suddenly Martin Riggs is a terrorist, Axel Foley is a drug lord, Rocky has become a Russian fighter, Cameron Poe has become a mafia boss... it just makes no sense.
I never liked this show , it was repulsive and tried to make likable characters out of drug dealers and killers . This was more like the modern day Roman Gladiator games than a tv show .
I had a lot of trouble just making out the dialogue either because of the audio quality, the particular British accents the actors adopted, and/or my own aging ears, but on the other hand, what's going on is pretty self-evident.  Two former military buddies get together to collaborate on working as professional hitmen because they need the money and one of them has to live down a botched job in Kiev.  He brutally kills a number of allegedly bad people as if to make up for his previous slip-up, until the two of them run into a bit of a pickle in the end (to say the least).  In between all the blood and guts spilled, the men act like normal if a bit neurotic blokes, one of them with an unbelievably loyal wife and kid and the other with an attractive but mysterious girlfriend with an apparent penchant for witchery of the black kind.It's not the kind of film that I normally watch because of the gore and violence level, but it features excellent acting, very effective background music, and sickeningly realistic special effects.  It's kind of like a Quentin Tarantino film on steroids. I wouldn't recommend it except to those with a strong stomach, so I'm only giving it three stars.
I always thought that prospecting for gold in the 19th Century Klondike  must have been quite interesting, I guess not.
I believe this will be a big hit. I can't wait to see more of this drama and explore the eccentricities of the main character. I think the cast was chosen well for this production. This detective is a driven and bent on making sure that the case is solved no matter whose toes he steps on and all the while he is on trial himself for a supposedly &#34;bad&#34; shooting of a serial rapist. This show is based on the books by Micael Connelly and if you are a fan you want to watch this series. I give credit to Titus Welliver, who plays the detective, for making his character believable. It is well worth watching.
I actually rented this movie and downstreamed it through my blu ray player. I watched it with my son because the overview sounded good. I was really disappointed in the movie. It started out good with a sound plot, ran for awhile without any lagging, but then just fizzled out. Very disappointing movie. Lacked drive, substanance and an all over drizzled out plot. Don't waste your money!
I love the Onion's website but it never seems to work in long form. They've tried full length TV versions in the past and they haven't worked. This one has a better cast than their previous efforts but it's still only funny for the first few minutes. If this were a 10 minute show instead of a half hour it would be OK, but then it would be no different from the website. They should rethink this program, just doing an extended version of the news broadcast from the website is doomed to fail, they need to go a completely different way. The National Lampoon, which had was the same type of publication as the Onion, didn't try to reproduce their magazine when they did movies which is why they were so successful when they changed genres (Animal House and Vacation are classics while the original magazine is unknown to anyone under 50).
The movie Dark Touch is rife with images of child abuse. There are bruises, bite marks on a baby's belly, kids are put in strangleholds, slapped, shaken. I know a lot of people might not be able to handle that who might be able to stomach a lot of other stuff in horror movies.My main issue with this movie is that it's not great. It feels slovenly, like maybe the team behind it thought they were creating the world's first Creepy Kid movie. Missy Keating makes a good Neve, the child who uses her powers of telekinesis and mind control to take revenge on all those who commit child abuse or seem like they do. She plays out an interesting evolution from an unwitting avenger to a girl who is in total control of what she does. But the adults she has to deal with are not particularly interesting (the exception is Charlotte Flyvholm, the elfin guidance counselor with the infectious giggle, but she really doesn't get anything interesting to do) and watching them go down just feels kind of weird. Something bad happened with the daughter of Neve's adoptive family (because Neve inadvertently kills her own parents at the start of the movie&#8212;with furniture! More on that soon!) Mary, supposedly a few years dead of cancer. In all her photographs Mary has bruises. There's definitely a story there, and it justifies the ending where Neve is putting out cigarettes on the skin of adoptive mother Nat (Marcella Plunkett). But maybe I'm just too dumb, it doesn't seem like we're ever told exactly what happened to Mary, and it seems that would have strengthened the movie a lot.If you get your jollies off of seeing people attacked by fast moving furniture, this is your film. Pinning adults against the wall with cabinets and chests of drawers (moving them WITH HER MIND!!!) is Neve's signature move. It never quite worked for me, especially not when a grown woman (Nat, I think) get's slammed into the wall by a flimsy card table laden with a child's birthday gifts.Probably pass on this one.
Zombie Strippers(released April/08)stars one of my fave actors,Robert Englund(forever Freddie Krueger in my heart),as the only real star amongst this  company of amateurs and up and comers.It has been my misfortune of late,if you have seen any of my recent reviews,to be watching movies lately with less than stellar value,shall we say.Add yet another one to that list.*sigh* What I thought would be a low budget indie film,with some real kick to it,turns out to just....a low budget indie film.The jokes and situations are totally lame,old and stereotypical.To give you an idea and a good example of the latter,a Mexican janitor is loading up his gun and with each bullet he carefully puts in the chamber he utters"Pancho Villa....Montezuma...Caesar Chavez...Cinco de Mayo...guacamole...".Yeah,funny,funny stuff,right? Mr.Englund does a fine job as the owner of the strip club,who is deathly afraid of catching "something" off of one of his girls and just loves his money.The strippers themselves I thought also did a pretty good job but the "comic relief",such as it is,comes in the form of the opening act,the hippest but dumbest and street wise bunch of Marines you have ever seen.None of them had the acting chops to pull off a send up like theirs,even if they had tried...oh yeah,they were trying.Sorry guys.The plot finds a laboratory become infested with zombies.The marines are called in to eradicate them.They do their job,but in the process one gets bitten and flees the building through a basement window(great security).That Marine in turn heads into a nearby strip club and infects one of the dancers.That dancer/stripper infects another dancer/stripper,and so on and so on.Before you know it the ones uninfected WANT to become infected,as the infected ones are getting all the attention from the male patrons.And oh yes,the strippers,after their dances,each take a patron into the back and proceed to eat them.The remains,either heads,bodies without heads,bodies with heads,etc.,usually re-animate and they lock them in jail-like cells in the basement.Doesn't every strip club you know have jail cells?Owner Englund at first is beside himself with what is happening,but before you can say "bite me",he sees dollar signs.The strippers are soon competing with one another and Englund is raking in the dough.Somewhere along the line,the Marine major/leader finds out about the zombies at the club(he overhears a convo while reading a newspaper outside!).Meanwhile one of the stripper zombies has gone down into the basement and voluntarily let the incarcerated ones bite and infect her.She also lets all of them out and they go a-wandering around the club.The Marines come to the rescue and exterminate the zombie menace.Poor Englund gets bitten and is to be taken back to the labs for testing.The Marines also find one of the lab personel in the club trying to pick a lock(?).He fesses that it was he who deliberately spread the zombie virus throughout the lab.He said there's alot of money to be had in "working for the man".The Marines leave going to do...whatever they usually do,and the lab man has two of his unbitten cohorts come in to clean up the strip club mess.For a low budget film,the special effects(heads being blown off,ripped apart,etc.)are on the whole not too shabby,as opposed to those in Alien Armegeddon,another indie cheapie.The demographic for a film like this would be male,18-25 yrs.,because there is ALOT of T&A; throughout the film,graphic at that(I think they called it nudity,once upon a time).It is this group that would probably love this film,for that alone.Males of ages before,shouldn't be viewing this at all and those after,will,for the most part,see the film for what it is....bad.The only other person to stand out to any extent was Carmit Levit&eacute; as the Russian Blavatski,who was directly in charge of the dancers.At first I thought her portrayal was a bit over the top,but as the movie progressed she seem to settle down and I actually didn't mind her performance at all.Technically speaking the film is in its w/s a/r of 2:35:1 and looks clear and crisp.Extras include two featurettes,deleted scenes & commentary.All in all,despite having star Robert Englund on board for this project,it is an amateurish and lame excuse for a film and it's satire,send ups and laughs fall flat.Mr.Englund does a good job,as do the strippers(for the most part)and their handler Levite',but it is not nearly enough to save this dud.Give it a wide pass.
Frankly, 3 stars was gracious this season, but I like The Unit, and have great memories from a simpler time back in S-1 and possibly S-2 where the writers weren't trying to make some kind of metaphysical commentary on life, not to mention not trying to lure the 18-45 year old female demographic to watch the show with their boyfriends/husbands.  I've always felt that when The Unit stuck to what it was good at, that being action-based drama following one or a series of missions pertaining to a seasonal-arc, it was not only a great show, but one of the best at what it was doing.  Its ensemble cast has always been strong, from Pedro Ceranno Haysbert to Max Martini's icy-badassness.But this season, they went off the rails.Focusing more on the homelife (and the crossover fallout of using their wives as undercover operatives, what?!?!?!) Shawn Ryan managed to make a smart, at times funny, and always action-packed show....well, cheesy.  I've always felt The Unit was at its worst when it tried to shift back and forth from marital life to battlefield because it detracted from the believability of both.  The wives get annoying fast, the kids even more so, and the mundaneness of life on base really couldnt be highlighted much without turning into a soap opera.Then, there is the whole Mack vision-quest episode which was the turning point...strap the saddle on that shark, Fonzi, its time to ride!  And Betty Blue's love-life arc?  Come on.  The Unit was always relatively believable, but with this season, this faded quickly.  Its a shame, because I think I'll probably purchase Seasons 1 and 2 for nostalgias sake.And while I'm at it, the opening theme "Walk the Fire" is the worst intro song I've heard since the 80's.  Replacing "Fired Up" (frankly, show-opening perfection) in Season 3 could have been the start of the decline, I'm not sure, but it didnt help.  Its a shame when a show you love gets screwed up, but I feel like I've been entertained for a couple years by The Unit, and maybe thats all you can ask for.
The inventions are unrealistic. This show seems like silly fantasy masquerading as science. What's wrong with inventions that conform to physical reality? It takes real talent to make realistic and normal entertaining. This show gives the wrong messages to kids.
There are a few good actors, but some pretty bad acting. The main female character seems helpless, no spine and the combination of the main male character (Ritter) with his girl friend is not believable.I am a sci fi lover. The story concept is definitely interesting, but the acting was a little off putting. There were more than a few times where I shook my head and said wow, that was bad - I can't believe they said that (writing) and the delivery left me cold (acting).Ivanek (director of intelligence) was a beacon of good acting in the midst of the so-so.Lots of good sci fi potential, bad execution mostly due to the acting.
So why would they leave her disadvantaged with only one arm, eye and ear Bionic? Yes, both her legs are bionic, but as long as they had her on the table why not do the job right? Especially compared to Sarah's obvious superiority.
For some reason it appears to have more gratuitous sex scenes which do not appear to be germane to telling the story.  I still enjoy the shows overall though.
"cry baby island" is what this show should be called. Add in a lot of fake drama & overacting, one ends up with a semi-entertaining show.
Good when it started but fading as writers imagination declines.  I liked the concept of an Ancient race traveling among the stars, but having the same tyrant and only bad aliens reflects too much of a contrast to the hopes of humanity beyond the Earth.  Season 2 is only worse.  I'm glad it ended.
This movie tries too hard to be smart and witty but instead is just boring.  The rambling dialog of the man's best friend is especially irritating. The actors are supposed to be wildly in love with each other but never seem to pull off the illusion.  With such a great cast I thought this movie would be a good choice.  I was very disappointed.  Don't waste your time or $10 like I did.
After watching several of these gold-hunter shows, I've come to thank God repeatedly that I don't work for some stupid jerk boss (like the jackass in this show) who thinks its ok to run people into the ground, endanger their lives, violate safety practices at every turn, (OSHA/MSHA would have a field day if this happened in the US!!!)  and flat out doesn't care if they live or die.  I pray these workers find suitable employment elsewhere.
Formulaic!  Poorly written.  Acting is disastrous.  And, what was with the terrible &#34;aging&#34; make-up on &#34;the old lady&#34;?  Two stars for end of the world scenario.  Why the formulaic characters!?!?  Sorry, Amazon, you're no Netflix when it comes to original.
The first episode of Heat of the Sun was enjoyable but then it became evident that the show portrays people in the past with modern norms and morals.  Even in Africa, away from jolly old England during the time portrayed, it would have been rare to find people as portrayed so often in this show.  From the comments, it seems there are several people who still like it, but most people who search for these kind of shows do so to experience something different than modern show.
The characters are interestingly different, but it was just so much smoking, mulling things over in sarcastic terms. Just wasn't my kind of entertainment.
In a word,Trite.  Nothing new or challenging here.  It's the Oxbo Incident rehashed to the nth power. Very predictabledialogue and ideas. Circle the wagons. Pull together. Beware those who don't agree to authority figures in the face ofdisaster. The walls and my patience came tumbling down! FCH
It was okay alternate entertainment for an hour or so.  The movies was a documentary about the USA at it's worst, unless you're into a documentary about generations of white trash.
Stupid show. Terrible dialogue, cheap special effects and poorly developed characters. The helicopter is so cheap looking it is a joke. Nothing looks cold. Very empty and boring.
Was all ready to eat a rib eye steak at the fabulous new restaurant....only to find out they only serve vegetarian food. Eh, this show is not for me. It started out ok, but the snippets of humor developed into a desperate reach. It became weird & cheesey. Kinda like when your Grandpa tells jokes at the table on Thanksgiving. You only laugh out of sympathy, but can't wait to get the heck outta Dodge! It moves along at a quick pace, but couldn't keep me interested long enough to want more. I won't be watching it. Check please!
After enjoying &#34;Wild China&#34; and &#34;Wild Africa&#34; so much, I was expecting so much more, but unfortunately this was extremely disappointing.
This is a fun, cute movie- blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah!
Interesting story, fairly well acted for the most part. Not too believable in the premise of the story. Unsatisfying ending, however.
Enjoyed the original set in the UK, so I had to check this out. No secret special ministry involvement this time, but the writers still seem to be wandering a bit trying to decide where they want the show to go. Still, the CGI is first-class and the ensemble work well together. Good Friday night Sci-Fi.
I have been a Survivor fan since Season 1 and had high hopes for this season.  After three episodes I abandoned it.  None of the cast was that interesting and most were uttering disinteresting--or flat annoying.  The challenges were stale rehashes of past seasons, and the setting was yet another generic tropical beach.  Is Mark Burnett trying to get this show voted off of the network island?
this is an unromanticized view of marriage and I think if shown to young people it might likely turn them away from the institution. This is a great film to show to parents of daughters, on what not to do. Cutie and the Boxer are both interesting, attractive, flawed people who have spent (at the time of the filming) nearly 40 years together, making art, arguing, sometimes making love, drinking, raising a son (albeit shakily), and barely getting by financially. Twenty years her husband's junior, a young, naive and beautiful Cutie is enamored with her husband's art, and no fool, he slips into her bed through her love of his art. Eventually she becomes an artist herself, but she resents, dislikes and challenges many aspects of her husband's sexist assumptions, which basically say that as the artiste, and the husband, he is the dominant in their relationship and that she is there to facilitate him and his efforts. She chooses to stay with him for many reasons, perhaps mostly because she has few options (why she stays isn't answered squarely. there is some talk along the lines of opposites attracting and it also seems clear that she doesn't have her own money). I don't know if she had family willing to help her, apparently not. The Boxer sees and feels her resentment, and distances himself from her ("I never listen to you"), perhaps because he doesn't know how to make it better. He's sexist, but he's 80 years old and his attitudes make sense given his age. His world view only works though if he finds a woman willing to put up with his guff. And there lies the sadness. Cutie initially believes herself to be lesser than him, and at first accepts the Boxer's world view, only to spend the last 40 years trying to change the terms of their contract, with mixed results. When we raise girls to have low self-esteem, they are more likely to settle for any guy who throws them a few compliments. Eventually they morph into bitter, unhappy, unfulfilled women. In the beginning of the film you see Cutie nitpicking at her husband, and that seems a very unpleasant way for a couple to live. As the story progresses, you learn why Cutie behaves the way she does (she is angry and feels her husband takes advantage of her and takes her for granted (she is an unpaid art assistant and chef, among other things. She is under-appreciated: her husband cannot make his art without her direct physical help, so that makes her his artistic partner, in my opinion, though apparently not in his. We see her helping him assemble his art. He cannot assemble it by himself, so her aid is essential. We see Cutie's art, and the Boxer does not help her create it, so his assistance is not critical in the creation of her art). He needs her and relies on her, but he speaks of himself as the power player, and her as the lesser than. It's easy to understand her rage with his attitude. Only the people in a marriage know what their marriage really is (though the son here probably has a good idea), but from the outside it appears to be an uneasy truce of egos. To me their art is beautiful. Their marriage reminds me of a saying I heard long ago about sausage making: you really don't want to know what all goes into it. By the time Cutie speaks up and gets her art shown along side her husband's, I feel proud of her for insisting her art has value, and by extension, that she herself has value. With her exhibition, I noticed that she was snipping alot less at her husband. I liked the honesty of the film, but be warned: Cutie and the Boxer have a complicated marriage that is not always pretty.
I guess I don't watch much animation which is oriented at adults (at least that's who I thought they were aiming for)and after watching this it would still hold true. The idea of the show is different with the two main characters earning their living with the galactic conglomerate. It starts out in stop motion/claymation but then switches to cartoon animation. (If I read it correctly it's supposed to be all claymation if the show gets picked up but don't quote me.) Either way I just wasn't interest enough to continue watching further episodes. It just did not hook me in.
annoying. 1 yr old did not like it compared to other shows like curious george and bubble guppies... . .
This show is just awful. I like a couple of the casting choices (e.g. actors from Heroes and Hustle), but the lines are so tired that even good acting can't overcome it.After about 30s of being trapped in an elevator, everyone is panicking?After an hour trapped in a parking garage, they're smashing car windows and acting like they're going to die soon? Then when they get out they've all somehow bonded to the point of sticking together?After a single day the entire city is in chaos and all the emergency responders have just nope'd out?All of this is not to mention the silly religious/science mixing and the over-the-top ending.Just...don't watch it. It's a poor imitation of Lost, with a worse setup.
As some others have said, I am baffled about the high rating for this show.  I almost stopped watching at the halfway mark, having not laughed once, but then finished watching just to give it a chance.  The second half managed to make me smile once or twice, and that's it.  I really enjoy "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia," but this, unfortunately, is like Sunny minus the strong writing and great acting (although what appears to be not-so-impressive comic acting may just be the result of sticking good actors with bad material).  And, except for the existence of bullies, it doesn't feel as if it's drawing from anything real about high school, either from the perspective of teachers or of students.  (I did like the principal's secretary -- but she's on for perhaps two minutes.)
This is exactly why we need to invest more in education.  We need fewer dumb people like this in America.  It makes us look, well dumb.  It is funny seeing stupid people do stupid things in excess but it's still dumb and I don't like our country being famous for it.
I was looking for a scary movie. This had a strange outcome. I would have voted for a different male to play the main actor.
A terminally ill chemistry professional adds to his income by producing and selling drugs, more and more sucked in a world of illegal deals and crime.A story is interesting as a sound example of going-all-the-way from a law-obedient model citizen to hard core crime doing everything to sustain family wellbeing in harsh time.A reviewer is unsure of educative value of this standing apart produce but situations shown have been provided by tragic-comic way professionally.
I could not connect to the characters or the story for that matter.  It was boring and I ended up skipping a chunk here and there.  I would not recommend it to anyone.
INGREDIENTS:1. One parts mildly charismatic, ripped, perfectly tanned action hero. British accent required.2. One parts token African ass-kicker.3. One parts puffy-lipped, perfectly coiffed damsel-in-distress.4. One parts good actor hamming it up as agressive bad-guy. British accent optional.5. Two cups sloooooooo-motion and ramping. CGI bloodspray optional.6. One cup Titanic: class-breaking romance on the eve of a terrible disaster.7. One part Gladiator: because GLADIATORS!8. Six parts sweaty six-packs. Use liberally.9. One very, very large volcano.10. One tsunami. Super-size.11. One bag of historical accuracy. Discard without using.PROCEDURE:1. Ripoff every sword-and-sandals movie ever made.2. Put in lots of explosions, collapsing buildings, and slo-motion. This is actually cool.3. Put in a forced, cliched love affair. Season with cheese.4. Suspend disbelief, then take down the remains and burn them.5. Be over the top in the least subtle way.6. BAKE in HOT OVEN. Add side dish of revenge, served cold.SERVES large audience, entertains during action scenes, is silly in the rest. A fun experience, but not memorable. Seconds unlikely...
One of the worst efforts at a new series I have ever seen. Don't spend a cent on this crap.
Seems like a good series and the characters are interesting.
Funny show if you like frat-boy humor. A bit raunchy and very immature but the cast delivers, they are all pretty talented.
Can't really say why this show did not appeal to us as we enjoy shows with an unusual twist.  This show centers aroun survivors on Earth after an apocolypse.  This show has a twist, in that there are aliens in the mix.  Just couldn't get into the plot of the show.
I chose this rating because its really just all informative reviews of their opinions in what they do and how they do it when they go to these auctions.  Most reality shows are stupid and don't have meaning or purpose.  Just a bunch of people getting together to tell the world of their lives and businesses they make money off of.  It is okay for some people; there are better things to watch for entertainment.  My husband watches this stuff.  It is a waste of my money and my time.  Somethings shouldn't be aired more than once or twice and this is one of them.
The Eclipse tells the story of Michael, a recent widower, as he begins to have disturbing visions of his nearly dead father-in-law. He shares his experiences with Lena, an author of supernatural stories. The Eclipse is a haunting supernatural drama.First, this is a drama with horror elements more than it is a pure horror film, so you should adjust your expectations if you were thinking differently. The story is, however, very creepy and haunting as it takes a more realistic approach in telling this ghost story. There are a few shocking jump-scares, but only a few. The film really tries to connect several characters and subplots, but that missed its point and hurts the film. In fact, I felt the story lacked direction and impact so some aspects were forgettable. The performances were good, nothing spectacular and nothing terrible - I think the cast was well-fitted for their roles. The music was excellent, eerily enchanting and often mesmerizing.Overall, The Eclipse has some decent horror/drama elements and a haunting soundtrack, but fails to leave an impact and is ultimately forgettable. As of 5/20/13, this film is available on Amazon Prime Instant Video and Netflix Streaming, a rental is recommended.The Eclipse has some violence and blood. (not sure why this is Rated R).
This is the most socking and disappointing of the Bones seasons. The short duration because of the writers strike (don&#8217;t they realize the effects of their strike ripple through the years to create animosity?). This caused some short cuts in the plot points of the season. One of the episodes from Season 2 appears in season 3 and it feels horribly out of place. The finally was very well done and leaves you on the edge of your seat!
How can you run from the dark?  After waking up to an empty city Luke (Christensen) and a small group of survivors try to find a way to escape.  When they realize the darkness is what is causing the vanishings can they find enough light to survive?  Based on the previews I had pretty high expectations for this movie, it was very slow moving.  The idea was pretty creepy, and it is tons better then "The Happening", although the story line was pretty similar.  This movie seems like a really good "Twilight Zone" episode, but it doesn't really work as a full length movie.  It gets repeatitive pretty quick.  It begins as a pretty scary movie, but runs out of steam quick and begins to drag.  This is not a bad movie at all, but after the "last man on earth" type movies like "I Am Legend" this one doesn't really compare.  Much, much better then "The Happening", but not one to rush out and see.  I give it a C.Would I watch again? - Probebly not.*Also try - Skyline & The Happening
Shannon Beador is so negative and obnoxious I think she has ruined the rest of the season for me. Quote from Shannon &#34;I'm a hopeful and positive person&#34;? Really? Do you hear the horrible things that fly out of your mouth every time you open it? She is so hardcore and cold & ALWAYS angry, how did this woman get cast on the show? Please replace with someone bright & positive like Lizzie! Now she's fun, positive & upbeat!Shannon seems to enjoy ragging on everyone around her and finding an excuse to be miserable at every event!! GO AWAY! You're ruining the show!
This series just tries to be witty by playing on tired old stereotypes. Dull, no insight, puerile. There are so many better things to watch these days.
The basic storyline is a female drives a van through Scotland seducing men.The film opening has a faint muffled voice. It is the alien being learning to speak. What appears to be an alien comes to Scotland and tricks men into coming into her world where they can't walk on water. I wasn't sure if this was real science fiction or something like that Jake Gyllenhaal thing and this was just another metaphor for human relations...which it still could have been. The film changes direction about midway.Scarlett plays an almost robotic alien, very slow and deliberate in her moves. She doesn't know how to respond to many situations. She asks for directions as if she was reading from a foreign phrase manual. As far as Sci-Fi goes in this genre I think "Phantasm" was more entertaining and "Liquid Sky" more clever.Her acting was well done, but as far as entertaining, if left something to be desired. Clearly this is not a film for everyone.Parental Guidance: F-bomb, sex, attempted rape, full frontal nudity Scarlett Johansson and a bunch of guys get naked in this film. If that is what you want to see, this has got it.
I like the concept ... Really great ideas and positive thoughts and encouragement for kids 5 yrs and up so ckmit out.
What a waste of time! All these characters are dirty, unethical, and they get away with it.  Don't like the series, actors, or premise of the show.
The show and characters were most entertaining in the first season... Now the lead ladies are morally void and loose, therefore terrible models of professional women.  Please....  The male characters are actually much nicer people!  Fire and rescue scenes bloody but interesting re: techniques used and dedication to those they try to save, showing good professional ethics and bravery.
Full disclosure I didn't make it all the way through this show. I had to stop at 28 minutes and 21 seconds when the &#34;car alarm scene&#34; returned. I wanted to like this show, but I didn't. The characters seemed strange. A clown, a cop, an escaped con, a lawyer, a hooker, a surly Englishman, a sick old lady, and a struggling actress/ mom are trapped in a parking garage with a car alarm, when some sort of Apocalyptic event occurs. Will our scrappy band of misfits be able to put aside their differences to escape?  I didn't care , the car alarm worked on my last nerve at the previously mentioned time. I also found it creepy when the guy dressed as a clown was leering at the hot girls legs. Also when the surly Englishman was perving on her legs as well. I recommend the Walking Dead, Fringe, or World War Z  if  you want some Apocalypse action.
Season one of Boston Legal was dazzling. The writing was clever, witty, and intelligent. And Alan Shore as the maverick lawyer was as memorable a character as I have ever seen on a TV show.  Then, something happened.  The insightful social and political commentaries became heavy handed, and by season five they were nearly incomprehensible.  (In "Roe" Shirley Schmidt accuses China of a "Holocaust" against women. Last time I checked, women, even Chinese women, were in no danger of extinction.) But the worst decision the producers made was to give "Hands" Espenson center stage. He was a character who should have been discreetly dropped after third season, but instead they allowed his bizarre behavior, not to mention Denny Crane's, to dominate the show. By the end of the fifth season, they were all clowns--even the brilliant Alan Shore.  Dancing with a cheerleader's outfit? Shooting an entire  delegation of Chinese businessmen?  To quote Monty Python's skit-stopping colonel: "Too silly! Too silly!"Here's my recommendation to those who prefer to avoid disappointment: Watch the last season of The Practice, the show that preceded Boston Legal (and was superior in many respects). Then watch the first two, or perhaps three, seasons of Boston Legal. Then quit while you're ahead.
I caught this film as a free sneak peak on HDNET in my home theater a week or so ago and it does seem to play better on a big screen. For a film called "Monsters", this film shows very little of them. This may have helped the film to created some atmosphere when the land roaming octopus with squid like tentacles is shown, but the acting and dialogue aren't good enough to carry the film. I wasn't a big fan of 'Cloverfield because they used the POV camera in ways that didn't seem natural and if they had used the POV camera in that film like they did here, it would have been a better movie. The POV camera works, when used as a tool and not the sole viewpoint in a film. A good example of this is 'Quarantine or {REC}.I did like the atmosphere when the monsters are on screen as there is a haunting quality about these huge things. For there size they didn't make much noise and they seem to come out of the black sky eerily! It's effective, but where a film like 'District 9' had too much over the top mayhem, this film is a little too tame. I think it's a film worth seeing, but it isn't anything I would watch more than twice. I think that horror and sci-fi films like all the films I mentioned above(including this film)are all worthy entries in the two genres as they are taking a new avenue to the classic atmospheric tales that scared me as a kid, rather than just being gory or full of jolt shocks to make up for lack of story.
I liked this season well enough.  It is primarily a soap opera.  It loosely follows the historic events.  The motives are not the same as those given by Shakespeare but then he was loosely following history too.  Overall i liked it and cared about some of the characters.  Too much sex, but I suspect that that was intentional.
Price, I'm a big fan of your reviews on TV.com so it pains me to say this, but I didn't find this funny. The tropes are tired and played out, and frankly it's lazy writing. The pilot set up a story line for the season, but just barely. I will not be sticking around for future episodes if it gets picked up. This reminded me of Ugly Americans and the same kind of lazy plot lines.
When I heard this was from the creator of X-Files, I wanted to love it.  Unfortunately, I am on the fence.  It wasn't a bad show, it just failed to get me invested in the characters.  And, it did not feel like anything new.  I've seen these characters and storylines before many times with other post apocalyptic shows like Under The Dome and Jericho.  For me, I need a lot more story and character depth for it to totally hook me.  Action and suspense is only half the stuff a show needs to get me invested.
This show is interesting to me since the featured mountain men (and associated women) need to do certain things in order to survive due to their chosen lifestyle.  Still, the recaps when the show switches from one person to another are tedious.  For instance, one mountain man's dog keeps getting &#34;lost&#34; and a bear could eat it.  This goes on for several scenes but interspersed is another mountain man's need to fly his personal airplane to a remote cabin in Alaska, so viewers will be reintroduced to the &#34;missing&#34; dog scenario several times before the dog comes bounding home.  The dog goes missing twice in two different scenes - once out hunting and once at home - I found this to be contrived.To be fair, many shows do this now.  I suppose it is done to add airtime padding when no new film footage exists but I so dislike it.  For shows like Mystery Diagnosis which keeps my interest such that I want to find out what is ailing the person(s),  I record it so I can fast forward through the recaps.  What will transpire with the contrived scenario of the &#34;missing&#34; dog does not hold my interest enough for me to bother with it.  I will not be watching this show again unless I am channel surfing.
I'm not going to waste much of your precious time with this review. 'Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie' is quite possibly the worst film that I have ever seen. Will Farrell and Adam McKay are credited as producers, and should have known better.The film follows the monumentally untalented duo, Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim, as they set out to make a film for one billion dollars. They end up wasting the entire budget, a fact which the film's producer - Tommy Schlaaang (Robert Loggia, obviously working for the paycheck) - is not entirely thrilled about. The two idiots decide to renovate an old mall in hopes that they will be able to pay off the large debt. In the meantime, we are introduced to some of the most annoying, disgusting characters ever written, and are treated to insanely crude jokes involving pedophilia, feces, and body piercing.The writing is horrendous, the "jokes" are beyond disgusting and incredibly unfunny, and the two leads are headache inducing morons. Rarely have I ever been tempted to walk out of a film mid-screening. 'Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie' is a waste of celluloid. I hated every single second of it.Magnolia Pictures has given the film the royal treatment on Blu-ray, which includes an audio commentary, deleted scenes, and a gag reel.Directed by Tim and Eric, Rated R, 94 minutes
From the get go, Browsers actually 'warns' it's viewers that it is a musical show.  If your goal is to immediately turn off 60% of your potential audience, then this is a great plan.  BeBe Neuwirth (Frasier's Wife) is the star associated with this Amazon Original.  Her accent isn't appealing.  I should note that i'm not a fan of music based shows, and this one, based upon interns at a news website, is not impressive.  Expect songs about internet meme's that won't have any meaning in a year.  Such as the horrible song "When I Tweet".  The Dance sequence at the end is just lame during a song that could be funny, but falls flat on an empty premise of a show.
I REALLY LIKED THE FIRST SEASON, AND SEASON TWO WAS GOOD BUT THE ENTIRE SHOW HAS GOTTEN RIDICULOUS.IT WAS NEVER GREAT DRAMA OR PARTICULARLY BELIEVABLE  BUT NOW THE ACTING IS TERRIBLE AND THE STORY LINE HAS DETERIORATED INTO TRASH. THE ACTING IS TERRIBLE.
Its what you expected. Watching will most likely make you feel better about your situation. If it aint broke don't fix it.
Would love to see this in its entirety.  Don't want to have to wait until the nightly viewing on television.
I was so dissapointed with this season. I can't figure out why they had to sully up the season with so much filth, sex and bad language. I noticed it consistantly has a low rating so I can see that no one else liked it either. All the other seasons were so good and that tells me that people don't want all that filth. I hope they do better with the 5th season.
Yet another &#34;apocolypse&#34; show written by &#34;big city dwellers&#34; who have a total &#34;city centered&#34; view of EVERYTHING.Let me start by sayiing that the premise of the shows &#34;disaster&#34; is not too bad.  We are drawn in by being left guessing as to the nature of what has happened.This is where it wanders off the path.  The small town of Jericho is nothing more than a minature version of New York or LA from other movies.  with the exception of one or two &#34;farms,&#34; EVERYTHING ceases to exist at the town limits.  A character is either &#34;of the town&#34; or an &#34;outsider&#34; and that is it.It is plainly obvious that the writers have never spent any time in the real world, outside of a big city.  Rural America does not work like this.  Small towns blur.  The town limits rarely really limit the towns themselves and they often sort of blend into nearby communities and they really do encompass surrounding rural areas.  This is not europe and the local twons here are not, and never were, the local strongholds, complete with castle.No, while the initial premise of this series is well thought out, the mechanics of it are way out of touch with the reality of life in rural America.  It lost my interest in the middle of the first season and I can readily see why it died so quickly.  Big city dwellers would have no interest, whatsoever, and real rural citizens are just going to take one look and turn it off.  It could have been done much better.
Show was just ok, they tried to put it in a reality TV show format which has been done way to many times.
The show is okay but the new instant video format is horrible.  You can not tell at a glance which shows you have watched and which you have not so you have to go into each one and check it out.  All of my shows are their but not all of my history.  I can not see how it improves my viewing experience at all!!@!!!!!
If "House" had an actor of lesser talent than Hugh Laurie, it would have been off the air after season 2.  By season 3, the shows were becoming formulaic and themes were being recycled.  Unfortunately, the solution was not to fire the writers but to back-burner the primary actors.If the writers and producers had a bit more imagination and courage, they've got great characters and situations they could mine more deeply; instead, they chicken-out, content to skim the surface.Season 4 pushes the viewer's willing suspension of disbelief past the breaking point.  Chase, an intensivist, becomes a skilled surgeon and Cameron, an immunologist, becomes a senior ER attending?  Really?  And they still want to work at the same hospital as House?  Really?And then there's the ridiculous "reality TV" style interviews to replace House's team.  Sure, it fits with House's love of games, but really?And, finally, while House nearly lost his friends, job, and freedom for Vicodin in Season 3, his Vicodin addiction seems to have virtually disappeared in Season 4.  Really?Vote this season of House off the island.  It deserves NO IMMUNITY.
Would not agree w/ host that its a half hour of &#34;belly breaking laughter&#34; -- only about 22 minutes of actual content, including banter between host and guests / panel. Also you wonder if 1/4 of the time medical attention is required for some of the injuries, so really not a laugh a minute.  But it is interesting to see the strange things people do that gets them in harm's way, its kinda liking looking at a wreck you pass in your car -- tough not to look....
The show was ok at best. The acting was ok and the music was amazing but it just seemed to be missing a decent plot line. I was very disappointed with this series especially after reading other reviews for it.
And so it did come to pass, that on December 16, 2010 the Syfy channel announced what many of us had expected, the cancellation of SGU. What did it say for MGM that they didn't even have the courage to announce this termination? It is not hard to understand there sudden disappearance.It was MGM that had made the gigantic miscalculation of canceling SGA. And then upon realizing their monumental miscalculation offered us SGU as a panic-ridden response to rectify this blunder. Sometimes it is possible to &#34;break the mold&#34; and I feel this is exactly what MGM accomplished by hastily forcing this blend of science fiction together.As the second-season cancellation decisively proved, this new & improved version was not the way to have gone. Yes, this was &#34;not your father's Stargate&#34;. But as it turned out it wasn't my teenage son's Stargate either. Those of us who wanted &#34;dark & edgy&#34; adult science fiction got it from &#34;Battlestar Galactica&#34;.And that's a shame. First off, because the 15 seasons of SG-1/SGA were unique, interesting and fun. It should never have ended this way. Lastly, the second season of SGU seemed on the verge of developing its own rhythm and showed promise. It was just unfortunate that it couldn't survive the errors from the first season.Note: Yes it does say &#34;Amazon's Verified Purchase&#34;. I love the Stargate franchise so much, that even though these two seasons are woefully inferior, there were cameos that forever connect it. I just waited till Amazon had a crazy sale to buy them.
Ok, where are the writers going with this series? First Annie was the spy of the new age and now she just sucks! She fell in love with a charge and at every turn this season, she can't get anything right. I say again, where are the writers going with this series? If they don't hurry up and make her a super spy again, I'm going to have to let this series go! I hope the next episode is much better because man in the middle was stupid and predictable!
I liked Christopher Eccleston better, but David Tennant is OK.  The stories were good.  Big change at the end of this season too.
James Spader rises way above the stories and the rest of the cast. He is someone special to watch.But episodes count on violence rather than good story-telling.
It's so misleading.  Don't rent this movie.  Honestly?  It's the script.  The actors are actually decent... but this doesn't play to any of their strengths - they all seem like nice people... nice people who make bad choices.  It's all over the place and the monster looks better when you only see the head - and that's in profile or dead-on.  All in all... not enough redeeming qualities to justify the price.
It's Arliss resurrected. A second string team in a second string comedy. With some punch up writing and more assured direction, this show could be fun.  If given the choice, I'd take a second season of Betas over this show, though.
Really tired of these drama series' that hire gorgeous people that don't have any depth to their characters. Unconvincing and boring.
I used to like this guy. But the show is not funny not funny not funny. I did not bother seeing more than one episode and I doubt I will see another one. I could not even finish the first one. Really surprising.
This is a movie worth watching. I personally don't care for Juliann Moore's acting. Good for watching on a night when there isn't anything else on.
Is there a word that is a more intense version of ridiculous because that is all I can think of concerting "Helix".The two main male characters seem to be having a contest as to who can whisper the softest and the most.The plot is just stupid, but mostly it jumps from thread to thread, and never really progresses.  This most closely reminds me of Lost (after it just got irritating) ... maybe they should call the base a Dharma Station.  Don't waste your time unless you get this for free ... and I'm betting you will not have to wait long before it shows up on NetFlix and Amazon Prime.
Season 1 was clever. Sherlock solving cases, deducing with everyone in awe of his talent, but finding him arrogant and obnoxious... perfect.Season 2... let's make it the Lucy Liu show. I was hoping Lucy would excel in this role... take it and make it something great... but she has become so annoying and her acting is subpar, to say the least. She is quite annoying. Her voice gets high-pitched and whine-ee.  And for some reason, the writers have made Watson, i.e., Lucy, the main focus of the show. Watson is the one coming up with insights and solving cases and whining at Sherlock to be a better &#34;human being&#34;. REALLY!The cases have become boring, no deducing. They've turned Sherlock into a &#34;caring&#34; being... a sponsor in AA... REALLY!... Sherlock Holmes... come on!And Lucy's wardrobe... stop! Stop with the little girl skirts and dresses and tights... seriously!I want to call her Watson, but I can't because Lucy's acting is so bad, I only see her... she can't act. I just see Lucy. I don't see Watson. Definitely do not see a doctor, nor a counselor (sober companion WTF!), just annoying Lucy, wearing 4 inch &#34;snow boots&#34; in a blizzard, walking for miles. LOL... it's so sad.I will keep watching this season and HOPE it gets better. I love Jonny Lee Miller but they have reeled him in this season. LET HIM OUT.
"Meeting Evil" is a movie of stupefying logic, inept writing, willful unpleasantry and a couple of good actors who are cashing checks and hoping no one sees them. To get through half the picture you will need to suspend your disbelief to the point of drooling in your popcorn. This is the sort of film recycled with parts from much better movies (Collateral, Kalifornia, Cape Fear, Jackson's own Lakeview Terrace), so surprises aren't exactly in store, the dialogue is painful to hear and the characters bear no resemblance what so ever to real people, they don't even bear any resemblance to movie characters; for example their is a small child and her dog who stand in the same spot for what must be hours in movietime, and it is for no discernible reason. Who this film exists for could be a study unto itself, but anyone with a working braincell or any self respect need not apply. This is more along the lines of audiences who wish not to be entertained, perhaps have never seen a better movie, or just like to say that they have sat through a film of near unbearable pain and lived to tell about it.The plot has timed, mild mannered real estate agent John (Luke Wilson) having a real sad sack of a day, he lost his job, his mortgage is in foreclosure, he has a stack of bills that read "past due", and he fights with his wife (Leslie Bibb) for no particular reason. Then Richie (Samuel L. Jackson) enters his life, at first unassuming, but soon he reveals his very dark nature. Richie turns out to be a psychopath on a killing spree, a dozen in under an hour from my calculations, and he brings John unwittingly along for the ride. Richie's motives seems to be nothing more than to turn John into a killer like him, or perhaps he believes it will turn him into a man like him. Obviously this will end up with John being mistakenly suspected of the crimes by the local inept authorities, of course it all ends at John's house over dinner with Richie terrorizing the wife and kids.The film tries to work on a more psychological level, I guess, but it totally fails. The movie never actually explains any motives for the killing spree or any insight into the Jackson character, it seems as if he is supposed to be the embodiment of evil, possibly even the devil himself, but he is actually just a remorseless killer, or is he. The film leads to a dubious denouement, followed by a rather obvious cliched confrontation and then an unsatisfying anti-climax. This picture looks like it is under the inept impression that is supposed to be a character study, but it has no characters to study.Samuel L. Jackson is easily one of the best actors of his generation, but of late he has been stuck in something of a rut, he plays leads in terrible movies that go mostly unseen (The Cleaner, Unthinkable, Arena) and his successes of late have been cameos in superhero flicks. Here he plays a caricature of the Sam Jackson character, something else he has been doing a lot of lately, after just a few minutes of his shtick here the performance becomes unbearable to watch. Luke Wilson doesn't fare much better, in fact he is unable to conceal his boredom with this trite, tedious material. But some of the supporting work is much worst, I suspect some of these "actors" were just friends, relatives, or investors. Supporting characters are portrayed even more dimly like the local police, embodied by Muse Watson as a cranky old veteran, and Tracie Thomas as his black stereotype female partner named Latisha.Directed by Chris Fisher, who adapted the screenplay from a novel by Thomas Berger (Little Big Man, Neighbors), I had never heard of this filmmaker before so I did a check on him over at IMDb, I soon discovered why I did not know him. Up to this point he has been known for directing some pretty poorly received direct-to-dvd potboilers, titles like "S. Darko", "Street Kings 2: Motor City", "Dirty", "Nightstsalker", "Rampage: The Hillside Strangler Murders". "Meeting Evil" is Fisher's first theatrical film, well sort of, you see it's premiering on cable/satelite TV and then video on demand, before receiving a belated theatrical release in a few theaters. I suspect the limited theatrical release is an attempt to help Jackson save face, but they shouldn't have bothered, his career will be better served the sooner that this one is forgotten.I know, I know  if you can't say anything nice, ...just one more thing, please. Add to this some of the most cloyingly pretentious cinematography, provided by Marvin V. Rush, a close collaborator on some of Fisher's previously mentioned glories. Even at roughly ninety minutes "Meeting Evil" truly feels like an evening of unbearable torture. Yes, I believe that this the definition of torture porn.
Fringe division, a group that starts out investigating the odd, strange and unexplainable, sort of an x-files but generally with some type of resolution.Somewhere around season 2, it starts to morph into this thing that becomes more involved with saving Peter (Walter the crazy scientist's son) and / one of the two universes.(Why only two universes?)Season 3 - 4 more of the same, sacrifices are made, the 2 univserses are made whole, but you have these nasty observers that are in mucking things aboutSeason 5 - Observers have taken over the world and now we're doing some sort of resistance fighter thing.What do you do when a group of people you love go out and join some cult that makes no sense?  That's what season 5 was to me.  I didn't sign on for the whole sneaking around, trying to get bits and pieces out of perma-yellow-jell-o.Didn't actually buy all of season 5, dropped out from lack of interest;  Did manage to see the series finale...  And my mind still boggles.They really, really need to have some sort of test / acquire some sort of license before an author can be allowed to use a quantum paradox to solve a series...spoilers........One observer (September;  I hadn't noticed it really, but all of the observers that had gone back in time to our time were named after months of the year?!?) has a &#34;son&#34;.  This son is so wonderful that if they punt the poor kid into the future, it's going to become obvious to the first observers that that will be the way to go, go with emotions... And they'll be okay and never come back in time to take over the world.  (Yeah, right, hard to twist my head around that far).Of course Walter winds up going into the future with the kid, so Walter gets written out of history...  Well, sort ofBut...  No Walter, no Peter, No Peter, well, no anything.... world should in theory be fine and the way they write it the universe is supposed to be quasi-intelligent enough to figure this thing out (not me though).And if we assume that Peter does exist, the only reason he got together with Olivia was that Olivia went after him in season 1 to be a control for Walter....  Again, why would they meet, and how would they bump uglies and make a little girl?And the cow... Nothing was said of the cow?!?  Is it alive, did it evaporate?All in all a very disappointing ending.Credit to the actors, they portrayed their characters well and you became invested in them over the years....  But I think I'll remember Fringe as only having four seasons
U watched 2 seasons of these adaptions from some very good novels.  The actors were OK, but I cringed every time I tried to relate to Langton.
Like the dancing, the kids, the moms ... the dance teacher seriously needs therapy to address her multiple issues!  Also would have liked more backstory information - i.e. the mom who couldn't make the stage performances because she had to work - what type of work does she do that's so urgent she can't get out of it?  and why are there no other family members that can sit in her place?
This is an OK action-adventure show with Eric Dane appropriately clench-jawed as the ship's captain and Rhona Mitra as the world's most glamorous virologist, the last hope against a world-wide pandemic.  If you can buy that premise you're good to go.  SPOILERS FOLLOW:  Sam Spruell appears as a Rooski spy so creepy that he might as well wear a sign reading "plot device".  Couple of caveats: first thing I noticed is that except for a coincidence of names and the fact that most of the action occurs on a US Navy warship this has no connection with the William Brinkley novel.  Second, there are a bunch of plot-required things that make no particular sense.  Example: EMCON (emissions control) as used here means no signals from the vessel (secret mission and all).  They could still watch TV, listen to NPR or whatever including the news.  At exactly the right moment in the first episode a guy pops up out of nowhere with what looks like an AT-4 (rocket launcher) to save the day.  If things like that don't bother you or you enjoy nitpicking you'll probably enjoy the show.  BTW: the thing that impressed me most is that when the ship got to GTMO the establishing shots actually looked like GTMO.  Good going guys.
I should start by saying I'm not much of a musical fan. But I do think it would be much better if the singing actually sounded good and matched what the actors were saying, instead of it being so obvious it's a track. Something about the way it was made looks amateurish -- definitely the least professional looking of the five pilots I've watched today. That said, I got some genuine laughs out of Dustin Ingram's performance, and I think the other actors could do better with more to work with, since a pilot is essentially just introductions. Even though I'm not crazy about the songs, I think this show could be campy fun with a few improvements. With pedigree like that (Daily Show, 30 Rock), I'd be very interested to see where it goes and would love to give it a chance.
It was a bit too slow and dull-witted for me.  I actually fell asleep while watching..... not usual for me.
The Raylan/Winona relationship is beginning to grate on our nerves. Walton Goggins has replaced Timothy Olyphant as our favorite character. He has a powerful screen presence a la James Dean, Paul Newman or a young Marlon Brando.
Many parts are funny but why curse if you know before hand that their going to blip the words out. It seems as though every fourth word is an open space in the dialogue. It gets annoying after awhile.
It's too bad that the obnoxious personality of Abby and some of the Dance Moms (Kelly and Christy especially) are making this show so difficult to watch.  I love to see the kids dance but the behavior of these Moms are making it difficult for me to continue watching.  I would get rid of Christy and Kelly and leave Nia's Mom and Asia's with a new group of Moms.  What happened in New Orleans was unbelievable, especially because these women are supposedly wealthy enough to have had some education.  Although their grammar is horrendous.  Do they not teach grammar in Pennsylvania.  These mothers, in my opinion, do for Pennsylvania what Jersey Shore and Jerseylicious did for New Jersey.
I'd need to see more than a 1/2 hour to fully decide on this show.The pilot was funny, but the dynamic between the 2 main characters seemed forced. I think it would take a bit longer to flesh it out.Give this one a try.
the storyline is very syfy but the filming is very low techthe acting is flawed yet adequateall in allthis movie is a great waste of timeyet enjoyable
My first relevant question would  be - how old was the person who wrote this?My guess would be somewhere around 12.Good ghost films are rare to be sure, and some make a reasonable effort.This one does not.
The Chopped shows are all interesting since I enjoy seeing strange ingredients and how to use them.  The format is pretty much the same all the time and some of the contestants more likeable than others.
Given the caliber of actors in this, I am so very surprised at how bad the acting actually is. I cant say if it's bad directing or what, but truly unfortunate performances all around.
Not a good sign when the build up for the film was some of the better parts of this Disaster/Torture Porn movie. Eli Roth presents: Some South American guy's idea for a horror film, and while he does deserve credit for coming up with an original idea that was pretty neat in theory, a lot of stupid decisions happen after the aftermath that took me far out of the film.So the Positives: Acting was good (enough), most of the characters had enough depth to them to make their roles passable (except for girl in white dress who did nothing), and there was some good set-up (which is usually the low point for these films). The story was unpredictable and the ol' "who gets killed first" list was pretty unpredictable. So yeah, Aftershock at it's best is unpredictable and original, with interesting ideas for a story.Now for the not so good: Pretty much everything after the first friend dies. While the movie was unpredictable, everything that happened afterward was predictably cruel and unusual. Especially scenes that were basically "stay here while we get help", which happened at least three times with the same results: bad stuff happens. The bad stuff, is mostly caused by a small gang of prison inmates released after the earthquake, who seem more focused on rape then escaping far from prison or even regarding their own safety during the aftermath of the earthquake. Nope, instead they chase down our 'heroes' for the entire film after s*** hits the fan. If I were a prison inmate watching this, I'd feel insulted.Also the characters act pretty dumb and slow for most of the movie, when people need help, they awkwardly fumbled for 5 minutes or so until they realized the obvious solutions. They do other dumb s*** throughout the movie, like when one of them's told to stay put, and stay quiet, he immediately phones someone and gives away his location. When a hysteric woman is pointing a gun at someone and threatens to shoot, the character starts walking towards her. When *spoilers* an inmate is dressed as a firefighter, he plays a rather convincing one that would contradict his actions, helping the men and trying to isolate the women with him, so he can... kill them? ...ok. There's a lot of head scratchers like that throughout the film, which not only pulled me out of the immersion, but also made for a rather dumb movie with pointless excessive suffering. Hence, the Torture Porn element that Eli Roth is known for. The problem is, the story could've been fine without the murderous rampaging rapists. S*** they could've even been a local gang or something, but even then, maybe just one scene with them being a threat. But being chased the entire movie by the prisoners? C'mon...So for a horror/disaster movie, it was certainly original and unpredictable, which is very welcome for the tired and stale genre. I'd probably watch the next film by South American dude, since there's some potential here. But next time he makes a movie, cut out the stupidity and unnecessary torture, because it's getting pretty stale.
As an X-Files fan, I expected a lot more from Chris Carter. This pilot just didn't deliver. The casting is weak for the most part, the only actor I really like is Aldis Hodge (from his work on TNT's Leverage.) The writing was weak and did not engage me at all. Really wanted this to be better. Oh well.
First season for this, basic premise;  Bacon was involved in helping to capture a serial killer.  Serial Killer has some sort of bizarre hooks back to Edgar Allen Poe (eyes window to the soul, so pluck the eyes out and get creative, making death some sort of &#34;tribute to beauty&#34;.  I don't think it's giving it away that the serial killer manages to escape (at least once from the prison...  Not much of a series if he just sits at the table?)  He moves out and about, and you find that by hook or crook this serial killer has been able to chat up a bunch of people via the internet;  Gather a bunch of creative killer wannabes (the following) and is setting out to punish Kevin for sleeping with his wife.  So, at this point, looks like each week is going to be some sort of killer trying to push Bacon in a specific direction.  Direction in this case appears to be getting him out of his personal funk and back on the stick (for whatever reason).Not really my cup of tea, but then again Kevin Bacon over the years has supplied me with a lot of entertainment so I'm giving it a shot.First couple of episodes, a few years ago would have been completely over the top with the staging of the corpses, today...  Well, sad to say it's pretty much par for the course.  Some of the character interactions... Well, not homophobic by any stretch, but then again I don't go out of my way to find TV series with male homological (Is that a word?) relationships in it.Bacon's performance?  Considering he's a disgraced FBI agent of some type that has a pacemaker and a drinking problem.  He does a decent job, just not really the sort of character that you'd want to follow along with week by week, if they kept it that way.  The repressed anger, lack of trust / not playing well with others have given it some moments that are entertaining.My take?  They've just started, barely out the gate, I have hopes that we're going to go along on a journey of redemption for Bacon's character.  But this is more where I'd like it to go as opposed to where I -know- it's going to go, we will all have to wait and see just where it heads.So, sticking with it for season 1.
Violent and heartless.  No storyline that I can tell except how brutel can people be to each other. Don't buy.
NO rating. Never got to see the preview. Tried to watch it but the Amazon system wouldn't make it happen. After a few tries I just gave up and got it elsewhere.
I am a HUGE fan of AHS season 1 and it is with sadness I can't say the same about Asylum.  When I realized what the creators were going to do with each season, I thought it was risky but brilliant.  I loved the idea; so I waited with anticipation for Asylum to start...they even have the actor from Babe...well know and uber talented added to the cast this year.  Zachary Quinto and Jessica Lange and Evan Peters back...I was SO stoked...then I watched it.  I tried, tried SO hard to love it like I did season one...but I just can't.  It isn't that there is too much going on...I don't like torture porn.  I find it trite and unnecessary.  So for those reasons I am out.  Here's hoping season 3, if there is one, is more along the lines of true horror instead of just horrific.
What happens when everyone in town disappears into the shadows?  Nothing good as the denziens of Vanishing on 7th  Street soon learn; a horror/thriller from Brad Anderson (The Machinist, Session 9) in which a group of survivors in downtown Detroit (Hayden Christensen, Thandie Newton, and John Leguizamo) find themselves trying to stay in the light as people all over are disappearing into the darkness and shadows.  While the film offers a good dose of chills and Anderson's flair for psychological horror, the end result just feels sadly empty.  Considering the previously mentioned films that Anderson has helmed were quite masterful, Vanishing on 7th Street just doesn't have that same kind of magic going for it.  Still, it's worth a look at least, just don't expect the same kind of horiffic magic to occur that Anderson managed to weave in his previous works.
this just didn't excite me.  poor language skills.  characters weren't exciting.  I didn't even make it through the first episode
Loved the Fringe series, unfortunetly the last season has to may musical interludes, and dramatic longing stares which slowed the pace, miminal science. But you have to watch it to see how it all ends.
Hard to follow some of the story line. Didn't like most of the characters. Settings for most scenes wasn't very attractive.
I'm going to wait and see another episode before I can really decide. It appears to be the same story as several before it. I'm hoping that something will change in the next episode.
Once again, a real trouper like Lindsay Lohan can act, even if it is in dreck like this.  Believe it or not, as bad as this film was, it was Lohan that rose above the material.  I'm not a fan of hers, however, she does have talent.  Now if she could only get her stuff together and get a real part in a real movie.
The film is okay.  It has good acting and nice special effects, and a decent story but was lacking something that I can't describe.  I don't know what it is, but it didn't have it.  For a rainy blah kinda day this is a film worth watching on television but certainly not to buy.  It's just an okay film.
Athe show was pretty good the first couple of years, but the plots are overly convoluted to the point they are more and more absurd. The acting is decent, but the writers are trying to do too much with the cast. The evil forces tend to be one guy who is no longer in the CIA, but somehow can walz in and out of headquarters, even though everyone knows he's a cold bkooded killer and a double crosser. He could be killed- off at anytime by any number of agents he's wronged, but no one has done so. If nothing is on, this is a reasonable shoe to pass the time with.
This movie makes absolutely no sense.  It's about a bunch of 19th century hookers.  Thought it might be an interesting topic and go into other aspects of history--but no.  It's just about the hookers.  Don't waste your time.
Cute, predictable. Deserves five stars for family values, nostalgia. Conforms to tried true portrayal of clowns verses noble females. Tired of humor at that expense
So disappointing....I assume A LOT OF Talented people were involved in creating this show.You are stuck....walk into a door....run until you drop....but, don't continue until youshow us more then 'bonking' and loose zippers.  What happen to the original idea?  You havelost the mojo.  Hopefully you can pull it together.
Acting was very poor and plot was not good with many unbelievable events included. Would not recommend unless you are really &#34;in&#34; to old war movies.
Stupid, crude, cliche about God knows what. I didn't know that cellists were that horny. Terrible waste of talented actors like McDowell and Peters. Dump this one, it's awful.
This just is not my cup of tea. It's easy to see what will be coming down the road. The actors are good, (I love Jason Momomia ) but they just can't lift the script out of the mundane.
This is a very interesting show, one of the few on t.v. these days worth watching. That said, it should be noted that season 4 is the first season where the links are for this show. the links for seasons 1, 2, and 3 goes to the Chopped Grillers series which I have yet to see. The point is, I would really have like to see the first three seasons of Chopped to see where it came from.Thanks Amazon for your Premier system... for $86 (in California) per year I get to watch this show with no additional costs even while I get to have loads of stuff sent to me without shipping for second day or slower... worth the money,
A disappointing move for Geof Stults after his wonderful debut show, The Finder. I'll chalk it up to grief over the loss of a friend and a great show.
This was an awkward show. I liked it, but after 15 minutes the show seemed too long. I agree with other reviews that this would be better suited in a 10 to 15-minute format. Sorry, but I also don't get what Onion News is about. It's clearly not hard late-breaking news, but rather oddball second-rate news about silly junk. Not sure I'm invested enough in the characters or storyline to desire wanting to watch the show again.
...not for adults. Boring. There's not much else one can say about this series. Why should creatures who live for hundreds of years still be trying to work out adolescent angst? I don't care enough to watch and see if this question can be answered.
Lousy beyond belief but I'll probably keep watching out of a morbid sense of curiosity. I guess THE AFTER qualifies as camp.
This is a show that would be good to watch at the wee hours of the morning after returning from the bar. Course, turning on my Amazon is not the first thought that I have at that time, so I'd probably never watch this show.The Indiana Jones reference was fun, but after they go to the mall it was just banter. Since that is the main setting for the show, most of it will become just banter quickly.
I know this is one of the hottest shows in cable but I dont understand what all the hoopla is about, guess you just have to be a readneck?
This was an average American sitcoms. It made me laugh a few times, but it's not something I would watch if it became a series.
what annoys me the most is the cliffhanger left at the end of each episode. makes it hard to stop watching when you have nothing to do.
The entire series is entertaining, but not very realistic.  But then who would watch anything that was at all a depiction of real life.  That would be mostly dull and routine and get as boring as many jobs do in real life.
It could happen! But for me the story was tragic and bleak (that's the point, I know!). The visual effects were good, the acting was good, and the story was okay. It was a vary long opening to an attempted invasion of earth. And I felt it's main female character was short changed.
I liked the episode and I would probably watch more if they were available, but the show could fall into one of those shows that I watch 3 episodes and call it quits. The show seems to have created very interesting characters that are complex and take on a number issues that can relate to a wide audience (sex, depression, marriage/divorce, etc), but as many others have said in their posts there was way more nudity than necessary to build this storyline. All in all a decent episode, but nothing stood out to me as &#34;must watch.&#34;
I thought the premise of the series was  ridiculous.  These rebels are criminal low lifes whose lives appear to be caught up in a Walter Mitty hero fantasy about being bad boy bikers.  The script throws in glimpses of male bonding, emotional depth, and odd paradoxical integrity, which comes off as absurd given that they're just a bunch of middle aged wannabes caught up in an arrested development of their teens.  If the storyline didn't attempt to be taken seriously, it could have been a good comic satire.
That has some warmth and intelligence but not quite enough depth for my liking.  The young former alcoholic and his drunk dad seemed like an artificial construct used to fill time.  We should have learned more about the 20 years this author had been famous right from the start.  Instead, he is immediately thrust into the lives of strangers and some baby steps back toward human connections begin.  The single mom chiropractor was also underwritten.  Women will like this one more than men.
Seriously! Who talks like that in front of a parent?! We tried to like it because of Jeffrey Tambor, but we couldn't even stay with it 'til the end. It was pretentious, and seemed like they weren't even trying to be entertaining.
It's a cool idea, but it just seems too fake and I'd rather just watch an actual documentary about the history than this silly version. There were a couple of slightly funny parts.
The reviews of this movie were great. I couldn't wait to see it. As it turns out I could have.The comparisons to Kurosawa's 'Seven Samurai' are inescapable, and this just isn't as good. In 'Seven Samura1' you have a group of Samurai protecting a farming village from bandits. In this movie you have a group of Samurai who need to assassinate a demented Shogun to stop Japan from declining into an endless cycle of war. 'Seven Samurai' runs 3 hours and 17 min. (depending on which version you see) and time is taken to allow the viewer to meet the principal characters and set up the story. '13 Assassins' runs at 2 hours and 5 min. so you only get to meet a small handful of the guys for whom you are supposed to build up sympathy. They do a decent enough job setting up the story but it's peopled mostly with a faceless group of samurai. And their clothing and hair cuts were so similar it took me way too long to sort them out. The one fellow they take on as a guide and the 13th member, who easily stands in for the Mifune character in 'Seven Samurai', is the only face you could pick out of a crowd.Also, these assassins are well funded. They literally buy an entire town away from its inhabitants, with gold, to stage the big battle. They aren't the 'down on their luck' samurai from Kurosawa's epic, so you don't get the same sense of desperation.The battle itself is decent enough. Some of the 'tricks' they use to help even the odds (13 against 200) don't ring true. They are too "now." The actual sword fighting scenes are good but they're really not more than a lot of hacking. You don't really get to see a difference in the level of skill between the two factions. So why the huge difference in the kill ratio? It's like in a lot of American action movies where the good guys can shoot a fly off an apple at 50 yards and the bad guys can't hit doodly squat.This is not a bad movie by any means. It's very watchable. It's shot and edited well. The sound mixing and editing are good. It has a good look overall. It has a decent enough special effects. (some that are a bit suspect). The problem is that it's a poor man's version of one of the greatest movies ever made.
I saw the 4 star rating. story was good but the acting from the main character was terrible.I really wanted to like this movie but could not tolerate affected acting.
I enjoy this show, it keeps you wondering who or what has done this. Is it an experiment of ours or someone, something else's. This show see's humanity on a small scale. Secrecy, aggression, love and loss. Worth watching.
I was excited when I saw this series -billed as Downton Abby for grownups&#8212;since I loathed Downton and only lasted midway through the first episode, but generally love both historical and contemporary British productions. I haven't read the book and know Ford primarily as the man who helped writers who were far more widely read than he: Hemingway, Conrad, Lawrence and Ford's erstwhile lover Jean Rhys [ who made both him and herself look so very bad in Quartet, a lightly fictionalized account of their affair].However I lasted only through the first episode&#8212;and  could hardly wait for it to be over. I think less owing to the prosaic, sometimes messy screenplay and the acting, though Cumberbatch [why am I always reminded of Englebert Humperdinck whenever I run across the name of this inexplicable screen idol?] plays him as he must have imagined Ford to be, a chinless wonder with a Tory rod stuck up his arse  [half the time I couldn't even hear what he was saying because of it] than the actual story line and characters.Perhaps Ford recognized that some men and women marry and live to torment each other, but I have always been allergic to this theme, of the evil oversexed female who tortures the noble, gentlemanly male. These were archetypes popular at the time, particular in Wiemar Germany- of the innocent, intellectual gentleman brought so low by a vixen, and which, by the way,  Rhys herself so brilliantly exploded in her late novel, The Wide Sargasso Sea. It's almost laughable to see how Ford portrays his hero [ and perhaps ideal] given his own exploitation of his female lovers, who financed him.Rebecca Hall as Syvia Tietjens was terrific and great fun as the nasty wife, and really married to that man, who could blame her for behaving so badly?  That said, I'll bump it to three stars for the sets, costumes, production values and supporting cast which are just fine, though some really chew at the scenery, particularly in that weird and awful lunch scene at the rectory.
I am a fan of the show, especially the characters of Monroe and Rosalee. The cutting and paste quality to me was poor, however it is a free view, so don't pass it by.To Arrive In Time (Vorian Archives)I just learned I must add my comments on the first two episodes here. I am not quite sure what the need was to have Nick terrorize the family, but it was done and now they have to work themselves (writers) out from under something that was not really needed. The bar fight should have been sufficient. I also watched closely the scene where he and Juliette were together and she was watching him sleep. He turned white, as if dead and had no heart beat. This appears to be something left over from the drug. I wonder where this is going to go?I will be waiting for each new episode.A recommendation. Too many ads on all programs. For the small fee I joined Amazon Prime and purchase all the shows I watch. It is so much more enjoyable and I can see them over and catch little things I missed.
Everyone that suffered through any of this lame, idiotic excuse for a film should be paid $1,000,000,000 for every minute they watched. In my case I made it through to 7 minutes & 12 seconds. Probably a record. I want my $7,200,000,000 NOW!!!Is this really suppposed to be funny????????????
I watched all ten episodes. There are a couple very cool action scenes (both involving Don Johnson) but the rest of the series is very hard to get through. Unlikeable characters and bad writing. Very disappointing.
Once upon a time, Francis Ford Coppola made movies like "The Godfather" and "Apocalypse Now." He also made "Bram Stoker's Dracula," but that doesn't eclipse his accomplishments.But Francis Ford Coppola clearly has entered the "I'm going to do whatever I want, even if it makes no sense" phase in his career. Exhibit A: "Twixt," a baffling little movie that twines together ghosts, vampire bikers, child murder, Edgar Allen Poe and a big messy knot of subplots that may or may not be real.I once tried to summarize "Twixt" to an acquaintance, and ended up babbling incoherently about Poe, vampires, ghosts and dead children. But I'll try to tackle it anyway: Second-string horror author Hall Baltimore (Val Kilmer) is touring for his latest novel, and ends up in a small town that doesn't even have a bookstore. That evening, he encounters a strange, ghostly young girl who calls herself "V" (Elle Fanning).He soon finds that strange things are afoot in this town -- time seems to be frozen (none of the clock faces move), there is a gang of bikers who may be vampires camped out on the lakeshore, and the ghost of Edgar Allen Poe visits him in his dreams to reveal half-forgotten secrets. And what does all this have to do with the recently-murdered girl lying in the police station?It's really hard to even pass judgement on "Twixt" -- it would involve understanding what the director was trying to do... or thinking... or understanding ANYTHING. It feels like Coppola had four or five different ideas for stories ("Vampire bikers! A vampire/ghost orphan! Dream messages from Poe! A failing author with personal issues!"), and so he squashes all of them into one movie.The result feels like a mad hybrid of Stephen King and David Lynch. The small-town setting, the supernatural threats and the eccentric characters feel somewhat like something King would put in a story... but the way it's presented is wildly Lynchian, with giant lumps of misty symbolism and blurred borders between fantasy and reality. You could watch this movie a dozen times, and still not be sure what is happening.For instance, one scene features Baltimore wandering into a blue-lit bar, where he listens to two people who speak in an affected, dreamlike way and occasionally sings "The Big Rock Candy Mountain." After one of them attacks V, they babble some more about how the clocks do not work and time cannot be measured... and Baltimore just leaves. Utterly baffling... and no, it is never referred to again.I suspect that Val Kilmer was just as baffled, because that's effectively the performance he gives -- total confusion. He does a decent job with Baltimore's frustration and grief over the problems in his life, but most of the time he's left staring around in confusion. Elle Fanning isn't in much of the movie, but she does do a good job as a girl who may be a ghost, a vampire, a dream, or whatever.But one thing that Coppola does not fail at is making the movie beautiful -- it's a misty, night-hued story that drifts over lakes, through ruined stone walls, through moonlight-dappled forests. Some of the greenscreen is a bit obvious, but it doesn't distract from the hauntingly lovely, surreal visuals that fill most of the movie.Francis Ford Coppola has become the elderly winemaking version of people who make amateur horror shorts and put them up on youtube. "Twixt" is utterly baffling and bizarre, but at least it's a pretty kind of baffling/bizarre.
I rented this movie exam a fan of the leading man. I've always enjoyed his work. In this movie I didn't get involved and I don't think he got involved either. The movie was shot for lighting very little character development I did not seem to care about the story the characters or the cast.  I hope others find it more entertaining than I did!
Everyone was excited Futurama came back, but when the crew went through the black hole they lost all the wit that kept the show interesting before, and I can't get the crew's corpses out of my head because this is what this season represents to me now, a defiled corpse. Really it's just plain embarrassing to watch now from how stupid and forgettable the entire season is.Like the episode where Leela and Zapp were stuck in the middle of the woods naked, they literally do nothing but sit around naked. When I say Fan, you say Service! FAN, SERVICE! FAN, SERVICE! I guess that's supposed to substitute for jokes now. Anyone else noticing the sheer amount of cartoon nudity stuffed in each episode? It's like they think the reason people love watching the show is to see the characters naked, which is maybe for some of the people who gave this abysmal season 5 stars, but I liked Futurama for the storyline and jokes, which this season is severly lacking in. Instead of story, we get political campaigns!There's also the prop infinity episode which is nothing more than the writers getting on their soapbox and telling everyone what to think about Prop 8. Thanks Futurama, I forgot you were synonymous with political rallies. I mean FFS I'm not watching Milk here, I'm watching Futurama! I don't CARE about the writer's political opinions, especially when they have nothing more to say then their opinion on Prop 8, shut up and get back to being a good show!Oh and my personal favorite episode the season finale which is probably titled 'mutant pride', is an episode where it's literally just Leela with a microphone yelling "MUTANT PRIDE, MUTANT PRIDE!". Then the mayor or whoever that's against mutant pride turns out to be a mutant. Wow, real subtle, I could never connect the dots, thanks Futurama. I swear I'll go out and vote for whatever you want me to as long as you shut up with the politics and get back to your good old self.What happened to Futurama, when did it go from space adventure comedy to some soft core porn/gay pride rally? I'm not against Prop 8 or gays, but LEAVE IT OUT OF THE DAMN SHOW BECAUSE I DON'T CARE! Or if you're going to bring it up do it quick and with subtlety and don't center episodes after episodes around it. What was once a well written love letter to old sci-fi shows is now nothing more than a corpse, taped together with Prop 8 bumper stickers and shambling around a strip pole trying to be sexy for it's fans.
Terrorist, plague, aliens, zombies? After being trapped with a group of people in a parking garage the lady who escapes finds herself standing in the middle of hundreds of people running in all directions? From what? Where are they going? Why are some running this way and some running that way? She doesn't ask. Her only concern is to get back to her hotel room to get her cell phone. The lady in question is the best of the group - acting wise - and deserves a better script. There are a few good moments but not enough to keep me interested.
An interesting mix of historical facts and hypothetical possibilities about the Celts throughout Europe and Britain. A bit repetitive from episode to episode, but it seems each episode can stand alone.
The season is a disappointment so far. There's too much gratuitous violence; the violence has become so predictable it's no long startling. Gemma seems to have retaken center stage with all other women related to the fringes, including Tara, the mother of Jax two (possibly three children). The fact that Tara's imminent trial and possible long term incarceration seem to be less important and of less interest than Gemma's new affair is irritating. And what about Tara's plan? is that riduculius or what? Certainly she must have family or a better choice than her husbands former drug adducted old lady with whom to entrust her children. Like doesn't she have an aunt somewhere??? Since she is among my least favirite characters, except in small doses, constant focus on the wicked occasionally good but always meddling drama queen Gemma is frustrating to say the least.The last episode offered the promise of some improvement but for this diehard fan so far I am disappointed with the present season and long for this wonderful show's past.
Playback is not a scary movie. It didn't build any tension and the jump-out scares didn't work. The acting was about average, and so was the music. The story is what stood out to me and basically saved this movie. It's not really like The Ring, although it does have some elements from it. The story is actually creative and has some decent twists at the end. The tape in Playback basically possess those who watch it and the tape goes back for generations in the family. The film is based around teenagers, but isn't like your average teenage slasher. The intro was violent and probably the best part of the film, by the way.If you have time to kill or are slightly interested in this movie, check it out on Amazon Prime or Netflix streaming (available on both as of 6/15/12). Don't expect anything too scary cause you may come out disappointed.The movie has gore, sexual references, nudity and some frightening scenes.
It's AD 117.  The Roman Empire stretches from Egypt to Spain, and as far as the Black Sea.However, in northern Britain, the seemingly inexorable blitz has hit an unexpected wall -- the resistance of the elusive, brutal and terrifying Picts.Quintus Dias (Michael Fassbinder) is the lone survivor of a Pict raid on a remote Roman fort.  He marches north with General Virilus (Dominic West) with orders to blot the Picts from the earth and kill their leader, Gorlacon.The legion is ambushed.  Virilus is taken prisoner.  Now behind enemy lines, Quintus must keep his ragged platoon alive.  Fighting hard weather and rough terrain, Quintus and his men are chased by the pitiless, callous Pict warriors under the command of vengeful Etain (Olga Kurylenko).Can the small band of soldiers reach the safety of the Roman occupied region?It's not too difficult to interpret this gnarly, intense action adventure in terms of western occupation, invasion or liberation (take your pick) of foreign lands.  Although I doubt there is any political intent from the writer and directorDirector Neil Marshall know what he's doing here and the energy never lets up with wonderful set pieces and terrific use of primitive, atmospheric location and sets.A better film than I expected but somehow less than I wished.
I get it, economics, but you can only watch so many saloon and prison episodes before they become utterly predictable.
I usually like Asian horror movies because they tend to have more suspense and less gore than American films. Unfortunately, the guardpost came up short on suspense.The first 45 mins or so were good since the film kept you guessing as to what the real issue was - ghosts, demons, virus, or just crazy soldiers. Once you find out what is causing the deaths, the best part is over. But unfortunately, the movie isn't. At about 2 hrs, there was just too much of the same stuff at the end. I knew how the film would end before it happened, though I was surprised at what took place with a few of the characters.This movie is great if you like long, drawn out conversations and don't mind getting confused with all of the flashbacks. There is some drama and a few scenes make you gasp, but there are not enough of them to make it worth spending 2hrs on this film. Fortunately, the movie was free with my Prime membership so I wasn't too upset.
By Jim Clark, publisher, Lee County Courier, Tupelo, MississippiMartin Blake (Orlando Bloom) is a British medical student who has transfered to a Southern California hospital to start his resident.He's handsome, gifted and arrogant, not understanding why he doesn't get more respect.One of his first patients is 18-year-old Diane Nixon (Riley Keough). She has a kidney infection. Martin knows just what to do and before long she's feeling better and able to go home. This worries him, because she has been the only ray of sunshine in his otherwise boring life. Her father invites the young doctor to supper, grateful for his curing of his daughter. Martin shows, only to find all family members are there except Diane. She is out with her boyfriend.Suddenly Martin has a dark thought, an idea to get Diane back under his care. He empties her pills and replaces the medicine with sugar. She relapses and has to come back to the hospital.She has been keeping a diary, putting in fantasies of her own about Martin.He continues to tamper with her treatment to make sure she stays in the hospital, but then the unthinkable happens, she flatlines and dies.Jimmy, an orderly at the hospital, gets ahold of the diary and uses it to get Martin to provide him with narcotics.Now Martin has already killed once, by accident. He begins to ponder how difficult it can be to do it again.It's slow moving and creepy, but the ending flatlines.
I kept hearing about Duck Dynasty and wanted to find out what it was all about. This was a good introduction to the family and each role they play in the business and family.
There are exactly two laughs in this movie and both of them are talking crows.  Danny McBride should have played the beast/antichrist.  He could ad lib funnier lines all day every day.  Craig Robinson can be funny, but here he's trying way too hard, as if he knows he's stuck in a straight jacket forces him to hit the same note and wasn't given time or freedom to expand the role.
MANIAC is the story of a crazy man. A maniac, if you will. Mentally ruined by a mother with, let's say, loose morals, Frank, our lead, spends most of his time restoring antique mannequins and the rest of his time struggling with lethal, sexual desires for women (and their hair). When Frank meets a young photographic artist named Anna, he tries to rise above his dark and disturbing fetish, but things don't look good.The film, ostensibly, stars Elijah Wood, although he's on-screen for barely a tenth of the film. The bulk of the movie is told from Frank's POV as he struggles with headaches, sex, and his love of scalps. Although the story isn't terribly detailed, its refusal to spell everything out makes for an enticing psychological portrayal. Unfortunately, the POV filming ends up having the opposite of what I assume was its intended effect. Rather than drawing the viewer inside of Frank, enmeshing the audience in his thoughts and deeds, the POV perspective ends up distancing us from Frank. They say the eyes are the window to the soul, and we spend 95% of the film staring out those windows from the other direction. As a result, we don't see Frank's soul as much as we see the destruction the soul creates. This makes the film feel cold and half-done.Saved from being a total loss by a strong score and some pretty convincing special effects, the movie has its moments (especially its final, brutal scene), but these feel more like teasing glimpses at what the film could've been had it allowed the viewer a better view of our title character.
However, it is being picked up for a second season, which means that the people will still be under the dome.We watched Lost for a season or two until it became apparent that the story line had no real resolution and it reverted, in effect, to a soap opera.Many of us like a story to be told and the d&eacute;nouement to be reached within a season or less, including the various subplots that serve as a hook to hold viewers.Added 20 September 2013: Now that the 13th episode is over, we find that our suspicions are confirmed. We feel that we were tricked into watching what we thought was a miniseries complete in itself. Instead, we see that Under the Dome is just another techno-soap opera with no real resolution in sight. The plot was dragged out and the characters distorted to allow for continuing season(s). We will NOT be watching the future season or seasons.
YUCK, negative five is more like it. UNBELIEVABLE SERIAL KILLERS WITH PERFECTLY COMBED HAIR... unplausible. BLOOD, BLOOD and more blood for no good reason. Hannibal Lector was a much more classy act.
I should not have paid as much as I did to watch this pre-theatrical release.  I did so because I thought a documentary based upon the book "Freakonomics" would be very interesting.  There were a number of interesting points in the film, but this is just one more case where the reviewer says that the book was much better.  The main problem I had with the film is that it presented so little information in the time allotted.  I believe this was because it attempted to be entertaining as well as the directors personalizing the content and wasting time by injecting too much of themselves into the content.  This lead to a boring documentary where I felt cheated of time and money because so little real content was presented.  I suggest reading the book and skipping the movie.  If you would rather watch a film than to read a book, then wait til after the film is released in theaters and distributed on DVD.  I do not think this film will be able to command a high price for very long after it is distributed on DVD and you should be able to rent or buy it at a discounted price.  This book is essentially about looking at common phenomina from different or non-standard points of view.  In doing so, there really is no timely earthshaking material so you will not have missed much by waiting for lower prices.  I still believe the book or the film contain perspectives that make them worthwhile, but the film barely earns an average rating in my opinion which is generous in this instance.
"The Jeff Dunham Show" is a Comedy Central offshoot of Jeff Dunham's live shows using the familiar characters Walter, Achmed, Bubba J, Sweet Daddy Dee, Peanut, and Jose Jalapeno. In this seven episode season, Dunham introduces his characters onstage in front of an audience and then goes to a clip of them out in the real world trying to interact with other people.Watching the show, the format is VERY similar to the Dave Chappelle Show where he would interact with the audience and introduce segments and then go to the clip in a sketch comedy sort of way. However, the difference between Dave Chappelle and Jeff Dunham was that Chappelle was really good at this. When Dunham takes his characters out in public, the audience is supposed to believe they are real people and other actors and celebrities talk to the puppets. For example, Brooke Hogan is set up with Peanut on a date until Peanut "eats" some guacamole laced with nuts that he is allergic to and Achmed intercepts the date to put the moves on her. We see the characters' feet, dancing with other people, shooting guns, all sorts of things.If you like these characters and think they are funny on their own, than this show will probably work for you and you'll enjoy it. The magic of the previous live show format was that everyone marveled at Dunham's ability to DO these characters since ventriloquism isn't easy and there was always potential for him to start cracking up too much or making a mistake or Achmed's arm falling off which would increase the hilarity of any given bit. Taking the "live" quality out of the format with everything being pre-taped in these segments means they could have used as many takes as they wanted to finish a scene, so it just isn't as impressive as when it is done on the spot. Also the scenes themselves just aren't written that funny anyway.The concept of Jeff Dunham having his own show sounds great, but this format does not work for his brand of comedy and talents effectively.Bonus Features:Behind the Scenes shows the making of sketches of Achmed joining the Marines and also Achmed's funeral. Jeff Dunham is smart enough to know that Achmed is one of his most universally liked characters due to his talking in a wittle cute voice and varying inbetween that and temper rages. These segments aren't more than a few minutes and include some Comedy Central Promos.The unaired sketch is with Sweet Daddy Dee, a character I don't even remember from other specials I've seen from Jeff Dunham. He apparently gets to wear lots of chain bling and slang. His cut scene is Sweet Daddy Dee helping Germans get rid of an acapella group singing in the attic. Yes, the attic. He turns them into a Bavarian singing group to save them and when the Germans still don't like them, Nazi and "The Sound of Music" jokes abound. A good choice to cut.The bloopers show that his live bits introducing scenes often had to be retaped, especially when he starts coughing. He often forgets his lines and starts laughing and stuff goes wrong with the puppets getting their hands stuck on walls.
I'm a little conflicted about this show. I can understand why, as a drama, it might need more than 30 minutes to present a story. However, the story here is inconsistent and confusing. It didn't get really interesting until the final 5 minutes. The only character I really could relate to was played by Aldis Hodge, but then I have enjoyed his acting as the hacker, Alec Hardison, in Leverage and have missed him. But the fact that he has a never ending supply of cartridges for his sawed off shotgun, that the police officer in the group is so incompetent, that the actress gets her foot crushed but can walk and run moments later, everything electrical is down yet they escape in an ambulance when no other vehicle is working and the only other vehicle running is magically used by hoods trying to rob the incredibly rich woman in the group. Maybe if the writers can clean up the storyline it could really be something worth watching.
Some of the worst junk I've had the misfortune of wasting my time on. Couldn't make it halfway through. I HATED ALL the characters. Fire and blacklist the writers and actors! Surely there must be better available from ***Tube produced by fourth graders. Amazon, you should be ashamed of yourselves.
I think the first two seasons are my favorites by far.  There are some excellent moments in Season three; however, I think it became more of a drama than what it had been in the previous two seasons.  Unlike Babylon 5, it is clear that Battlestar didn't have an overarching direction.  Great writing, but....
This show is funny, but I feel it could be funnier. The characters are pretty funny, but not much different than characters we may have seen before on film and television comedies. I think this show may benefit from gaining a full series run just to allow the characters to flesh out a little more.
Dollhouse is a difficult show to review. I wanted to give it 4 stars, but it doesn't merrit it, yet. The first 5 episodes are not good. The stories are bland, and the performances given are servicable at best. But once you get to Episode 6 " Man on the street " you are given a glimpse at what the show could be. The actors are finally given a script that they can sink their teeth into, and they run with it. It is fast, fun, and engaging. While the rest of the season is unable to maitain that pace Briar Rose, the second to last episode, is proof that something great can be done with this show. Let me clarify, I like this show, it may not sound like it, but I do.Eliza Dushku takes alot of abuse for her role, and the reason for it is the rest of the cast. While Eliza does a fairly good job with a very challenging role, the rest of the cast is great. This is a show worth seeing if for no other reason than being prepared for the second season which is pretty much guaranteed to live up to the potential of the first. I think I should also mention one of the bonus episodes called Epitaph One. I'll give no spoilers but it is a look into the potential future of the show. This episode was incredible by any standards and needs to be seen. If you have been on the fence, please give the show a chance.
I LOVED the first two seasons of TBBT. Season three was OK. Season four started great and then took a really bad turn when they turned Amy into a Penny worshiping sex crazed groupie. They also dumbed down the show a lot after that. They've destroyed Leonards character with the Penny relationship. He should be with someone smart like Alex,or Priya, not a dumb bimbo blonde with way too much attitude who believes in psychics and gets mad when he points out to her that all psychics are frauds. Season six was better than season five but the show has lost it's direction. I like the additions of Bernadette and Amy, I just wish they were allowed to be the smart women they are supposed to be. Raj's character has also taken a turn for the worse. They feminized him and made him way too pathetic. The only character they have developed well is Howard. Bring the science back and fix the theme song, the Big Bang did not happen fourteen million years ago it was fourteen billion years ago.
One day I'm watching My First Place, House Hunters, & HHI through my Amazon Prime subscription, then the next day it says I have to pay for every episode on all these shows (and some  movies we have wanted to watch). Quit taking away some of the only things worth watching!
I think there may be some value here.  I didn't watch it to the end because of the strength of the tension in the show.... not for me.
My favorite scenes were when they were meeting with a lawyer? to write up their wishes in the event of vegetative situation and also when he showed up for their anniversary dinner and asked for divorce. Overall may be an ok time waster if there's nothing else to watch.
I chose to watch this because I typically like Chris Rock and I was hoping for a movie that was light and funny. This movie was more "artsy" and that's not my style so this movie just didn't work for me.
A perfect example of form over function. Unexciting, uninspired visuals set to bombastic orchestral music. Dialogue that is Insipid, empty, meaningless, predictable and repetitive, delivered slowly.  A gimmick of "viewer discretion is advised" warnings at every break when nothing in the content comes even close to warranting it.And poor Anthony Stewart Head robbed of his personality by being forced to do an American accent which hampers him because it isn't a very good one and doing it seems to take up the brain processing power that would normally be dedicated to his acting.Skip this bomb.
Poor, poor Christian Slater.  He's gone from being a reliable presence in slacker or rebel style movies to playing bit roles, such as the borderline-pedophile police officer in PLAYBACK.  I don't know what's sadder: the fact that he's sunk so low or he's given second billing in the advertising when, realistically, he's barely in the picture?  Meh.  Maybe I'm overanalyzing the situation.  I guess it's nothing to lose your head about.Julian (played by Johnny Pacar) is working on a school project meant to explore local history.  His choice?  He and his friends are re-enacting on video a local family murder mystery.  However, when he learns that there was a survivor of the event - an infant who has curiously gone unreported from the press surrounding the event - he's drawn deeper and deeper into uncovering what may be the real secret, and it may lead him to his very doorstep!For all its portents, PLAYBACK is a harmless flick, a lazy diversion available on video stores shelves nationwide.  Part-slasher, part-techno-thriller-lite, part-teen-flick, it never quite irons out what it can do best, and that's probably tapping into society's collective fear of all things technological.  It probably would've made for a better script - or, at least, one that made more sense than the supernatural way the killer uses video devices to transmits his nefarious desires into the minds of others - but perhaps that wouldn't have been what writer/director Michael A. Nickles wanted.  As it is, PLAYBACK feels similar in tone to such quick flicks as FINAL DESTINATION or maybe even any entry in the SCREAM saga, but it lacks the depth - as well as lacks the depth in any performance here - though I'll admit it tries hard.These days, horror films genuinely are a dime-a-dozen, and it's probably cheaper and easier to go the cheaper and easier way all along.  Why put serious effort in when a modest production - with a respectable budget and respectable players - can deliver any studio a modest payday?  PLAYBACK succeeds modestly as a cautionary tale about youth being co-opted by evil forces, and that's the only level is excels on.  That's a disappointment, mostly because the crisp editing works so well.  Everything looks better than the story makes sense.  All of the players do the best they can with what they've been given - while there are no break-out performances here, everyone appears comfortable "phoning it in," a curious choice given the fact that the script hints at cell phones proving to be near and dear to the central menace.It's passable fare ... and what better Thespian to have on board than Christian Slater for passable fare?The film is produced by Magnet Releasing, Fontenay Films, Ltd., Bennett Robbins Productions, and Emmett/Furla Films.  DVD distribution is being handled by Magnolia Home Entertainment.  It all looks and sounds as good as any other thriller-lite.  The disc comes with a brief behind-the-scenes featurette, a photo gallery, and the film's trailer.RECOMMENDED only for fans of slasher-style horror, though they'll probably find very little here to genuinely love.  PLAYBACK isn't a failure; I think it just fails to capture any legitimate narrative.  Everything happens because of some mystical connection from the past fueled through the magic of home video - a device already explored to vastly greater effect in quite a few other movies, not only THE RING or RINGU, depending upon your preference.  When TV was invented, in fact, there was a pocket of civilization that warned us of bad things to come from all of those radio and TV waves buzzing through the air; methinks that maybe they foresaw film duds like PLAYBACK a century earlier.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at Magnolia Home Entertainment provided me with a DVD screener of PLAYBACK by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
While "Sanctuary" is a clever science-fiction show, it's never especially compelling.  Much of the time, I find myself falling asleep halfway through an episode.  (If, at that point, I happen to switch to some other time-shifted TV show on my DVR or a DVD, there usually isn't any nodding off, so it's not a question of fatigue.)  Every week, a wild not-entirely-half-baked storyline is thrown out, a lot of crazy business ensues and, by the end of the episode, the whole Sanctuary team is sipping tea in Helen Magnus' office.  While the show touches upon interesting topics such as giant abnormals living in the earth in some sort of collective Gaia-like symbiotic relationship, every week this sort of thing is being fired your way en masse.  Sanctuary blends steampunk, religion (Kali, for one), abnormal myth (vampires, werewolves, etc.), historical figures (James Watson, Jack the Ripper, Nikola Tesla, etc.), science and adventure together and then funnels the concoction down your throat.  It's all a little hard to swallow.  **1/2 out of *****.That being said, I was glad to see the loss of one regular character this season (hint: it's the worst actor on the show) and the introduction of a new one.  The whole Cabal storyline is wrapped up entirely too quickly.Despite my issues with the show, I also watched season 3, which introduces hollow earth into the mix and is an improvement over season 2.
I wanted this to download into the Kindles memory so my kid could play this show in the car while on long drives.  Unfortunately it won't play unless you're connected to the net.  Neither can I get a refund.  I'm not very happy.
HAUNTED HIGHWAY (Prod. Jack Osbourne) is laughable. When they first hyped this show--when was that, 2011?--I expected an honest-to-goodness travel documentary of investigative journalism. Something which, as we all know, does not exist in paranormal shows or else they'd cease to be paranormal.Lately this show has been starring only Devin Marble and Jael De Pardo, both notoriously awful B-movie bit-players (Jack had to go off the show for a while due to an MS diagnosis). While Devin is something of a producer as well as an "actor", both of these clods were so much more fun when they were doing FACT OR FAKED. That was a show I liked because they made strenuous efforts to debunk everything.HAUNTED HIGHWAY is the reverse. Osbourne, or whoever conceived of this smelly gym sock, was clearly not serious about anything at all. It always, and I mean ALWAYS, has the air of a cruddy C-list horror flick made in someone's backyard. In fact it often looks as if they are shooting in a backyard in California. And as I said, since the show has been reduced lately to Devin and Jael, well, the horrifically bad acting and scripted "investigations" get funnier and worse with each minute.If I have to see Devin fall on his butt into the water one more time, or hear Jael's blood-curdling (totally phony) screams at every little creak, I'm going to stop watching this altogether. Come on, people! There are real intrigues and locations to be checked out, we don't need these two zombies who think they have creds because they did FACT OR FAKED for a couple of years.However, I would like to take the opportunity to wish Jack Osbourne a good-health future. MS is a nasty bugger, which I know from my own experience. All the more reason for Osbourne to get serious if he wants to produce an outstanding, quality show. HIGHWAY is worse than any other show I can imagine.--SOAPBOX TIME--What is occurring with these shows is sad. These shows are being put out there with the claim they are "reality"--in other words, DOCUMENTARIES. If an advertised documentary is not a documentary, then it is a fraud. It is very simple.Jacques Cousteau and Marlin Perkins faked some footage in every show they ever did, but they always admitted it and they were not trying to deceive their audiences. Even then, I recall it caused a national stink in both cases, and both those great men were in a little hot water for a time. Perkins then Cousteau invented and perfected the reality-documentary-show genre. Pity they did not invent the "ghost-hunter" genre; it would have made the standard much higher.The true problem is, we have a law that says there has to be a disclaimer that a show is for entertainment only, which signals that it is a faked show. That law seems to have simply fallen by the wayside--has everyone forgotten the Miss Cleo debacle? Or is it that everyone wants to forget! The disclaimer law I reference was a direct result of Miss Cleo's exposure.That disclaimer has words to the effect that the shows are "for entertainment purposes only", and as if that weren't weighty enough, there also has to be some disclaimer that the shows are faked, partially faked, or partly reenacted as applicable. To what purpose goes such a law, you ask?--to let us know what has been faked and what is real, and NO, you can't say fakery is part of reality so it is "real" too. That stupid straw man argument has been used for over 20 years and I'm ashamed of anyone who says such a thing.For an excellent example of the right way to avoid fraud accusations, see the disclaimer on Ernie "Turtleman" Brown's excellent show,Call of the Wildman: Season 1--see my reviews. I can't recall it verbatim but it states pretty clearly that parts of the show were recreated/reenacted for dramatic purposes.Honestly, why haven't these networks or at least the producers been brought to heel for this major offense?!
I really enjoyed the first season of this series. The story is great, and they move the plot along successfully in each episode. The acting is kind of weak, but most Stephen King made for TV stuff has bad acting.If you are looking for an interesting series that leaves you wondering what will happen next after each episode, this show is for you. Plus it is free if you are a Prime member.
I really didn't enjoy this show much.  The scenery is beautiful, but the first episode pretty much scared me off of this show.  I would think they had fact-checkers or editors for some of the plot points, but they were missing in action.
This is a cute show of what goes on behind the curtain. Nice actors, well done and enjoyed the season,Hurry with season 2 please.
I love sci-fi and really liked the X-files. It seemed the characters were fighting a bad script on this one .  So many plot holes and logical inconsistency.  Actually kind of frustrating to watch. It was like the old Three's Company episodes where everything could have been cleared up in the first scene if someone had just told the whole truth. I tend to like sci-fi movies and shows BECAUSE the protagonist is the smartest person in the room.  They would do what you would want them to do, because it makes sense.  So many things happened in this show that didn't make sense.  Not in a mysterious "LOST: what is the black smoke?" kind of way, but in a frustrating people acting completely stupid kind of way.Hopefully the pilot was just trying to jump start some good writers and character development.
The quality definitely shows its age and there are no educational value from it other than your kids will learn to call a big lizard to help solve manmade problems.  Story lines are simple and may be boring to kids that like today's computer-animated shows.With that said, it's a safe way to introduce kids to Godzilla.
I wanted to love this one, the cast has good potential, but for some reason, that I can't really put into words well, I just did not find this pilot funny enough to hold my attention all the way through. If you like Jeffrey Tambor in general I think you will be ok with this show.
Whole family has been a fan of this show since it started. This season it is apparent that the artists are being judged less on their abilities, but more on their 'TV personality.' This has meant the elimination of older artists over those that can't even complete a task, and not having contestants of color ever win a challenge. Worst of all, no one from the show ever, ever, ever responds to the comments from the fan base. This demonstrates a complete lack of caring about us, the viewing audience. We have been buying this program because we ditched our cable company, but this will be the last week.
I liked the pilot of Betas but this still feels like a show in in Beta mode; not quite ready. The pilot was funny, and easily one of the best of the Amazon pilot season. But the two most recent episodes don't quite live up. One of the biggest flaws is the lead character of Trey. He was charming in the pilot but now grating and not a good fit with the rest of the cast. he seems like a pretty boy acctor trying to sounds like a tech insider.The rest of the crew is an okay mix of pleasant goofballs. John Daily is a breakout as Hobbes, the seasoned but slightly nutso pro. He's easily the most seasoned actor of the crew and it shows. Ed Bagley Jr has the right amount of gravitas and menace as the The Merch, the billionaire investor who shows an interest in the gangs app(which sounds really pointless by the way)The real problem with the show is that they keep throwing tech insider references to ad some sort of authenticity to the show. But it has the effect of making everyone seem like a shallow name dropper. By the way if you're going to throw in a Seattle area reference get the pronunciation it's Tuk will a not Tuckwheela, and it's not a high tech party of the Pugetn sound in any case.The show is at a point where it could either way. It could be a cooler, edgier Big Bang Theory or another Deebs(does anyone remember that one?)
Silly, rotten, stupid, what else can I say? LOST in LA. PLEASE don't waste your time on this piece of junk. Loved the X-Files. Forget this... please. I'll be royally annoyed with Amazon if they invest my Amazon Prime dollars in more of this garbage.
This episode opens seven months after the last season ends. How do we know this? It's repeated at least 10 times: &#34;...for the last seven months...&#34;Over and over and over. &#34;...for the past seven months...&#34; &#34;over the last seven months...&#34; &#34;...seven months ago...&#34; &#34;...since seven months have passed...&#34;OKAY! We GOT IT. It's been seven months. Give it an almighty rest, will ya? Who writes this?!?
I like this show though it does mimic other shows in the genre and location. Once settled into the story it is entertaining and believable.
I looked for the humor. Didn't find it. Was it hiding in the code on one of their computers? Seriously a snoozzzzze fest. Like Ed Begley Jr but the whole series should not move forward. Admittedly I'm not in this age bracket anymore but do work in tech so at least some of this content I should have found delight in however sadly I did not.Next.
This movie contains a collection of characters that seem impossible in real life even if I actually do think they exist.  I do wonder how many find each other.  While this may be a passable comedy, it wasn't very entertaining.  I found myself cringing when the Paul Dano character holds up a bra as if seeing if it fit. His door is open at his college office.  Now you just know he's going to be found out.  That whole cross-dressing story line seemed terribly unnecessary.  The real focus should have been on Henry played nicely by Kevin Kline.  He was interesting.  Katie Holmes, making a rare appearance as an actress since she became a mommy, plays her small role with low key elegance.  The movie, while a modest time waster, is well made from a production standpoint.  Just not my cup of tea.
This is just a trailer... Stop putting spam in my prime, I will NEVER BUY THIS MOVIE now that you've stooped to this deceitful way of advertising.
The premise of this show is to present videos of stupid people, doing very stupid things.  It's much like America's Funniest Videos, but with much more pain and suffering.  If you like watching a bit of mayhem (and have a high tolerance for watching painful events) then this is the venue for you.  I can only take it for awhile - because it is ridiculous.
I have always been intrigued by the Amityville killings and the hauntings (i.e. "Horror"). I have found the film itself to be one of the better made horror films in its genre due to its supposed true story. I even red the Jay Ansen book and found that just as scary. Even if in the back of my mind, my beliefs through the years have turned a little cynical with the validity of this tale, my child-brain still believes in a fascinated way. So I continue to explore some new information.This new entry into the world of the Amityville Drama is about Daniel Lutz, step-son of George and son Kathy Lutz. Throughout the film, Daniel emphasizes his hate towards George. He is filled with anger at almost every step and seems to never let go of this, despite his therapeutic efforts to either resolve the issue or at least get to the truth of it.This documentary does neither to explore the truth or his own personal anger, but rather carries the torch that George and Kathy had started out in 1979 about the hauntings of the house. His descriptions of the happenings in the house are virtually a verbatim of either the book or the movie. If anyone knows anything about Hollywood "true stories" they almost never follow the reality in favor of embellishment for the entertainment value, as well never follow the narrative of a book as some things are unfit for movie adaptations for purposes of translating. So what we are left with is an angry guy who decides to take his own cut of the Amityville Horror in the wake of his parents death.The documentary filmmaker, Lauren Dido (?), does not seem to uncover anything. Nor does she ask the right questions. But just incites Daniel half of the time. It is almost as if this is just another scam, in the same way George, Kathy and Jay put together the book and later the movie. This telling, however, is much less successful. I think for those who just need to find out what is in this documentary will want to watch it despite any review will have to decide for themselves about what is in this. Even though I fall into that category, I personally found it dull, boring and insulting.
during the reformation, the great schism ignited by martin luther between roman catholicism and the new protestantism of the north, luther compared rome to sodom, and scaled sodom as the runner up...the war that ensued included every atrocity that could be imagined, such as the impaling of individuals on sharpened tree limbs, roasting them over a slow fire, and slashing open the bellies of pregnant women and flinging their unborn children to ravenous dogs...in other words, it was a fairly ordinary war...but i have little taste for such spectacles, and i find it difficult to believe that an actor of rutger's stature would immerse himself to the ears in a slasher movie that attempts, however futilely, to outrevulse all contenders...at least the trailer gives fair warning, but the high rating it is accorded by critics who have damned to near death films of real quality, with tedious cavils and faint praises, is entirely outrageous.
This program speaks about the flaws of the dental system. I think people who liked Michael Moore's doc on the health care industry will enjoy this.One million ER visits are from people with teeth problems who can't afford dentists. In some states Medicare only pays 20% of the costs of dental care. This program focuses on children with pressing dental needs then moves on toward adults. The work says some companies pay dentists per visit, so those dentists may rush patients out rather than focusing on curing them. Some providers encourage people to get pricey everything-&-the-kitchen-sink work, rather than just what they really need. Some people can buy a dental care credit card, but those can have interest rates of 29%. Basically, people are having to choose between dental care vs. housing, cars, childcare, etc. Naturally folk chose those later options over dental care and their mouths pay for that decision. The industry could try an equivalent to nurse practitioners, but (greedy?) dentists and dental companies fight that move.More conservative viewers may be upset about issues not presented. This work never asks how meth addicts with their "meth mouths" tax the industry. This work never ties the obesity epidemic or the sugary snacks advertised to children as being culprits of the problem. A Canadian dentist once told me that even while Canada has universal health care, the coverage doesn't include braces which are seen as aesthetic. However, I would argue that we people with yuckmouths are psychologically traumatized by responses to our aesthetically unpleasing teeth and so it should be seen as necessary. In the area where I live, there are many dentists of color who want to retire but can't because there aren't any young dentists who want to take over their practices. The paucity of black or brown dentists doesn't come up here. I wonder if all these grillz and facial piercings and tongue pierces are also exacerbating problems.
Here is a comedy-drama that didn't quite live up to being either a comedy or drama.  There are funny moments, and dramatic moments, but the film never found it's bearing and left me wondering if it could have been better.Parker Posey's character is offbeat, funny, and spot-on for an over the top, not listening to you type of power-driven manager/executive.  She does her best to carry the film, and does most of the time, but it's the poor writing that keeps it from making it memorable.The ending is disappointing.  Without spoiling the film, we jump ahead to the future and are left to assume that loose ends are tied up and problems resolved nice and neat.  However, it is a cheap way to leave us wondering: is that it?
This was chosen by my s o,so I can only give a review based on their opinion.To be honest,they never finished this video as they do not care for subtitles on the screen during viewing.Their opinion is that if they wanted to read they would open a book.I suppose some find the subtitles distracting,not me.I wish I would have watched,but am not fond of the WWII genre in film,or any war movie,for that matter.
I guess having a father who's a tranny and older sister who did the 'lesbian thing' or a guy who's into old prostitutes is &#34;interesting&#34; to the bizarity that one finds on the west coast (SoCal specifically) but I found the characters dull in their &#34;thoughtfulness&#34;.  I guess mining the dark comedy of alcoholics, gambling addiction or drug users is blase and too ordinary for the writers of this show, and if I was concerned about being politically correct I'd probably be interested.  But its tedious and 'quirky' for the sake of being 'quirky', and to be honest I'm surprised it has as many 4-5 star ratings as it does.
Diego falls on the low to mid level of annoying children's shows. There are a ton of animals to learn about, which is all my son really takes away from this show.
If you loved a 90 minute film of Paul Walker in a car (&#34;19&#34;) you'll love another short titled Walker film &#34;Hours&#34; were he spends nearly the entire movie inside a hospital, particularly one room. During Hurricane Katrina his wife Abigail (Genesis Rodriguez) goes into labor and gives birth to a premature daughter who is placed on an IV and ventilator. As the hurricane intensifies, the hospital is evacuated until it is just Nolan (Walker) and his daughter and no power...except a hand crank generator. Nolan must turn the hand crank every three minutes or else his daughter will die. The film has some flashbacks to show us what a perfect couple he and his wife were. As the hours take their toll, Nolan fast and furiously attempts to get help, power, food, IVs, etc. in three minute intervals.Paul Walker did an excellent job with what was essentially a one man play. Unfortunately for me, I tend to find these one man movies, even when done well, less than entertaining. The film includes some footage of the storm and CNN news reports. The film is a drama thriller. It is light on the thriller part in order to make the production believable. Unfortunately it cut into the entertainment value.Parental Guide: No f-bombs, implied sex, no nudity.
The movie was okay but it dragged in places.  The ending was a little disappointing and left the viewer hanging.
I found this show a little annoying with the cursing. It might be ok but I didn't feel like watching the rest of the pilot because of the language used. It was a little over used. I don't mind a few curse words but for they used it too much.
I didn't hate this one, don't get me wrong, it's still miles from being good, but the lead character has potential. Nice to see Malcolm McDowell and Bernadette Peters acting, and though I'm not a huge fan of Saffron Burrows, there was just enough of her without triggering the usual boredom sensation I get when she's on screen. Everyone else was meh, except the new conductor who was a one dimensional black hole of comedy. If this gets picked up, consider revising the character.
The show managed to be apolitical for the first half dozen installments, but two militia psychos were introduced and the only explanation we get for their murderous and evil vocation is &#34;we are Constitutionalists&#34;. Oh I feel so shunned and associated with psycho-murderers because I know what is in the Constitution and that most of modern government violates it. If you are not going to discuss something seriously then don't bring it up. Just using your show for some not-so-clever name calling is not impressive it is pathetic and indicates an intellectual and honesty deficit.
But not good, either.  I was expecting a romantic COMEDY as the description stated, but there is nothing funny about this movie.  I guess the story line isn't too terrible, but really it's rather sad.  I would give it 0 stars, except that it's unpredictable, which is good in a romantic type movie. Other than that, I have nothing good to say about it.
Move along. Nothing to see here.
There are 2 adaptations of Mansfield Park on Amazon Prime.  I watched both of them.  The other I found more to my liking.  This one seemed a bit shallow.
Kind of funny in places. Love the main characters and but the story line is weak
I don't know what's going on this season,but they stretching the story all over the place. I don't recommend this season.
While I like shows that stress kids using their brains and imagination, I am not  a fan of this show.  Most of the time the actors spoke their lines either so fast or so muffled that I had to back it up to find out what they were saying. I think its a great idea its just the execution that falls flat.
Oh my goodness, this show is bad. I thought maybe because chloe sevigny was in it, it might be good. It's all bad detective cliche with NOTHING redeeming , except maybe good fodder for satire. So, so very bad. Why, with shows like Hannibal and true detective, do people still make shows this bad? I don't get it.
The season so far is crazy people coming together that were mortal enemies previously doesn't make sense and the time frame doesn't make sense at all either
(SPOILERS) Feel as if I've seen a variation of this character so many times in film, super rich, caucasian, male, and still do not understand him...perhaps I never will.  Loved the actors, but the story...nothing new, why tell it.  Not to rag on the filmmakers, in the commentary the gentleman explained it took him forever to be allowed to direct.  But why this story.  Does every well off male character of a certain age have to have a mistress 20-30 years his junior and be a scum bag (lying to wife, cheating investors), ugh.  Such an unflattering picture.  I still do not understand what made him tick.  Maybe I'd need to be male to understand what drives him; as a woman, I'm sorry to say, he makes no sense to me (I may just be too slow, honestly).  Basically, in my opinion, the character in this film is presented as a successful, powerful businessman, but it is also clearly shown in the story that he is a criminal just smart enough to manipulate the system (legal system, capitalist system), to stay a step ahead of the authorities.  How is living your life a lie equal to success.  To me, the character was a liar, a cheat, and a criminal; and as he chose to live his life the way he did, he seems stupid, not smart.  But almost all the characters surrounding him either ignore his shortcomings (his wife), or maybe most just don't see them.  His daughter seemed shocked by his revelation of criminal activity, as if she knew nothing about him - it's not believable that the characters closest to him would know so little about him - he's not suddenly behaving this way, he's been behaving this way for a long time.  How could his adult children not have a clue to who he is.  He's not a flawless liar - I think his kids were underwritten.  Had the writer/director presented the character in a way I could understand, I would give the movie 3 stars, but I am still as confused about this type of fictitious businessman as I've always been, so I gained no clarity from the film.  Also disliked the women characters; the wife character (played by Susan Sarandon, a great actress) displayed no power until the surprise ending, so her sudden power at the end is not set up properly; and I'm so tired of seeing stupid women characters as mistresses to some dog who strings them along - can't we have a gorgeous mistress dump some jerk and go to school to get her masters degree or Ph.D; and the daughter had no power in the story, just a title.  Basically the Richard Gere character disrespected all the women - how is that attractive to any woman viewer.  Anyway, disliked the character Mr. Gere played (liked his acting, of course), and just wanted more from the women characters.  Hope the writer/director will try again and do better.  Regarding the use of the N word in the story, as a middle-age African American woman, it indicates to me how disrespectful the film business treats minorities with less financial power - the film business has a lot of powerful Jewish people, I very rarely hear Jewish racial slurs in the movies I see, but I often hear the N word - racial slurs shouldn't be in film stories unless they are sprinkled throughout for all the races, which they never are.  Just a thought to the film maker for future projects.  Maybe he'll think about it.  For instance, whatever his ethnicity is, how would he feel viewing films that lobbed racial insults at his group, at his ancestors.  There are alot of different people in an audience - not just the people financing films, all races view them.  I think we need to move abit closer to the concept of world film, i.e., respecting all life and thinking long and hard before inserting insulting racial slurs in film.  Can't hurt and it may help.
It's been a while since I gave this a try, but...just no. SyFy keeps trying to turn out the next big sci-fi hit but keeps missing the mark.
As a fan of political dramas, I decided to give &#34;Crisis&#34; a try because it looked like a very interesting premise.  Plus, being an X-Files junkie, I was curious about Gillian Anderson's return to network TV.  Those assumptions did hold...for about two episodes.  After that, unfortunately, the show turns into a standard crime procedural lacking any sort of &#34;new ground&#34;.After the first two episodes of &#34;Crisis&#34;, I thought that I had found the next great political drama.  A group of high-society prep students on a school field trip (one being the son of the President of the United States) are kidnapped and held hostage.  It is very interesting to see the different dynamics between the students and how they all react a little bit differently to the situation.  Even the heavily-advertised Gillian Anderson return is a hit, as her character adds a toughness angle to the show that seems intriguing.Sadly, that is where the innovation of this show ends.  For the next 3/4 episodes, it turns into a complete procedural.  It has the stereotypical &#34;one male, one female F.B.I. agent&#34; (played by Lance Gross & Rachael Taylor) premise, and follows a &#34;one parent of a hostage each week&#34; approach to storytelling.  It is sad, because had the show-runners been able to focus on the relationships between the teen hostages themselves, THAT is where the interesting material was.  As soon as the focus shifted to the parents, it became tedious and un-inspiring.  Even Anderson's character has been pretty much in invisible since those first couple episodes.I compare &#34;Crisis&#34; to a show like &#34;Intelligence&#34; on CBS.  Both shows had great kernels of concepts/ideas, but instead of truly breaking ground with original storytelling, the networks instead shoe-horn those interesting plots into tired TV storytelling conventions.  Both shows were also advertised as something almost completely different from what they turned out to be.  Much like &#34;Intelligence&#34;, I would be surprised if &#34;Crisis&#34; gets a renewal for a second season.  It just doesn't differentiate itself enough from other similar &#34;stock&#34; fare on television these days.
oh right, in any movie where a murder/psychopath/monster/alien is being chased or is chasing the &#34;good guys&#34; on the same sets we've seen before - they have Barbie's Space Craft, with strobe lighting, steam, webbing and blast holes painted on the walls and Barbies Crawl Space with strobe lighting, steam, webbing and blast holes painted on the walls.The monster/alien/psychopath always has superior abilities/technology and yet when given any of several chances to off the &#34;good guys&#34; monster/alien/psychopath always turns and runs because, I guess, if they actually took the killing shot when they could the movie would be over and they still have 90 some pages of script to work through.there is sci fi - 2001 for instance, and there are westerns in spacethjs is a space western which is two steps down from spaghetti westernyee ha
This is based on the movie Legion, and I am just not getting it.  The instructions have finally transferred to Alex from Jeep.  Jeep has never learned to read the instructions, and he also hasn't found the prophets.The show has started out slow with Alex, the chosen one, living in Vega (Vegas anyone?  What is up with the stupid name change?) under a feudal type of system.  They have all heard of the Chosen One, but no one was aware that Alex was that person.  And once they learn the identity of the chosen one, they really don't care.  Chosen for what?The show is slow.  Even the actors appear to be slow.  Alex has a love promised to another.  The feudal lords are always trying to figure out how they can become king.  There is treachery.  There is a secret group with one of the children of the ruling families who heads it that is secretly helping Gabriel to defeat humans.  I can't even figure out how that makes sense.  I watched three shows, and I am still waiting for something beyond petty human bickering and angel angst.
Love the 40s life that it shows! Very cool time in history. Just beware the marriage issues in some episodes aren't appropriate for younger audiences.
For those who saw the first &#34;V/H/S&#34; this &#34;sequel&#34; has a buddy cop duo looking in a house to find out what happened to a young man, course they find some VHS tapes and without even thinking or likely cause of boredom they pop them in the working TV and VCR. Each tape has some fairly graphic but downright goofy material. I'll keep these as spoiler free as possible.&#34;Clinical Trials Phase 1&#34;-In a new effort to give someone sight, a guy has a camera put in his eye socket so he can see and of course this will record what he sees. He didn't count on being able to see more than he wanted to see (like figures in his own house no less), at least there's a pretty girl who shows up to explain her own dealings with an experiment similar to his. Not a very good one here.&#34;A Ride In The Park&#34;-A young man goes riding in the woods, with a camera on his helmet of course, some lady is vomiting and well he ends up bitten by her. Soon after he turns into a zombie and all the zombie flick lovers get a first person view of how the undead see us all. This is a bit above the first one, but well still isn't that scary.&#34;Safe Haven&#34;-A film crew is wanting to probe the mystery of an Indonesian cult, after being allowed to come to the compound and film it becomes quickly apparent the leader has special plans for one of them. This is a bit longer than the other &#34;tapes&#34; not a bad one, in fact probably the best of what's featured here. Acting is at least a little better than the first two, with a lot and I mean a lot of violence especially towards the end.&#34;Slumber Party Alien Abduction&#34;-No this isn't some 70's or 80's campy horror/comedy (very well could've been) but what happens when beings from another world come after us. It's not a terrible scary one, none of the characters are likeable, save one but well the best &#34;actor&#34; doesn't meet the best end. Not very good.Before the first tape and in between each following one we have more stuff with the cop duo, which goes from boring to just downright goofy. The ending in particular is comedic and almost promises a sequel is coming. *1/2 out of 4 stars
Based on all the 5-star reviews, I bought Season 1.  Watched it and holy bejemus was I shocked!  This show is horrible, people!!!!  What the heck show are you watching???  First, the story is way way way over-the-top unbelievable.  Chuck becomes a national security asset and CIA and NSA agents just randomly take up minimum wage jobs near him to, what, protect him?  And why wouldn't the CIA girl, Sarah, take a job INSIDE the Buy More?  Why is she all the way across the parking lot at a stupid hot dog shop where she can't even see him?  You take a job to protect someone you can't see????  And then Chuck just totally randomly "flashes" on people and things that he just randomly runs across and that randomly starts each super retarded and super lame random "adventure"????  The actors (and characters) are horrible across the board, all of them boring, unfunny and uninteresting.  The show is not funny in the least.  I mean Big Bang Theory, yeah, that's a 5-star show--great characters, great actors, funny as heck, witty, solid stories.  Chuck by comparison has none of those things and is truly a bottom-of-the barrel 1-star show.
I love Sci-Fi and this is not it.  Silly not campy, and not nearly enough science.  Ugh!  I sure hope they're not making a season 2.
Hotel version of the class conflict/drama so skillfully portrayed in &#34;upstairs, downstairs&#34;. Interesting stories and characters throughout. But the tension between two main brothers, spouses isn't sold very convincingly. My wife and I look at each other after a dramatic encounter and say, &#34;did something happen with those two, or did they order room service and get heartburn?&#34;  Even so, series holds potential worth waiting for
The son of Williams in this film is so troubled and so rediculous he hates everyone and everything in life including himself. But the anti-homophobic [...] he uses in the first 30 minutes of the film is nearly 30 times. It seemed to me it was a film about hating everyone and a kid so far out of control there was no help... Williams must have needed the paycheck to pay for his heart surgery... this film is a bottomless pit of insult and a whacked out kid who mistreats everyone including his dad... and the dad seems to be caught up in his own selfish rediculous life.... is this the way Americans are?? Sure seems it. What a let down. What an insult for an actor to take a role than try to tell us how genuis it was for a homophobic film to be put out... would we say the same if the word [...] was used instead of the fag word...? As a gay male this is something the Catholics would love to see and bigots are sure to give a great review. For me an open minded free thinker... this is a waste of life and time. I gave it two stars for the acting BUT... (and butts come in all sizes) I doubt Amazon will post it.
I found the pilot sophomoric and iterative of The Big Bang Theory. Nothing original here. Found myself looking forward to the end.
Gold rush season number two  was a complete wast of time, and I did not enjoy this program at all.
Thought I was going to love it but it's just okay. It's like a cross of Modern Family and Raising Hope but not as quirky or as funny as either one.
If you watch any of the SyFy channels self produced movies then you'll know what to expect. Has some entertainment value but don't expect good special effects.
Too mellow dramatic. If you are a long term &#34; Doonesbury&#34; fan you will be disappointed. Nothing  cutting edge, sarcastic, insightful, or scathing about this show. It is simply water down mellow drama.Nothing about the state of politics either.I have to give Trudeau kudos for trying something new but maybe he should have down something animated instead?Let's hope Duke does a cameo played by James Carville.
Ghost Hunters started very modestly but has become something of a showhorse. The exit of the humble Grant Wilson was a foreboding of a slicker production lead by Grant's less humble buddy, Jason Hawes. the strange hirings and firings of last season break open with a new season of celebrity guest stars and questionable evidence. Ghost hunters must be credited, though with the current interest and methods of paranormal investigation copied by so many others.
Started out with promise, but I'll never see the end.  I had to stop watching after the episode when a truck runs into the water tower and destroys the water tower.  I can't believe Speilberg and King would put out an end product like this.  Did King really write this drivel?It really is awful.  The storyline is terribly stunted, predictable, and full of amazing "coincidences."  The number of townspeople seems to swell on an as-needed basis.  It really is awful.Such a disappointment.
Like I said don't bother watching this show at all because the acting is so bad. The only couple good episodes are the Beast of Monteray, Dover Demon, Vampires, and the giant centipede one. Overall still bad but those I think are the best ones.
First I must praise this show overall. Most original sitcoms have three seasons of original content before they get stale in the fourth season. This show managed to go at least five seasons without feeling stale or sad.Still no show can last forever and this season is proof that the show left the air just at the right time. There's still some laughs to be squeezed from the infantile behavior of the characters, but ultimately these jokes have all been done throughout the series and funnier. Everyone just seems like they are working up a flop sweat in order to tell the same jokes from previous seasons with diminishing returns.Had the show been canceled at season 5 it could have gone out on a high note. Instead it went out with a meh.
"Rome" is almost like two different productions smashed together. One of them is a classic well-acted account of the politics and history of Rome in the days of Ceaser. The other production involves "history of the common people" and enough graphic sex 'n violence to get a mass audience to watch it. The first production would get five stars from me but the other would get one star. So in the end, it gets three.At the top of the production, there is an excellent cast playing out the classical story of Julius Ceaser from the point where he decided to return from Gaul to his assasination in the senate. The portrayal of Ceaser is incredible. Its really able to get across the concern about what Ceaser's intentions really are and how he is using everyone around him. The other characters in the civil war are equally well done. Pompey is rightfully portrayed as Ceaser's equal rather than a fool or a loser. The personalities of Mark Anthony and a very young Octavian perfectly set up the inevitability of what is to come. The only character whose portrayal fails is Brutus. Rather than an idealistic leading man of Rome, Brutus is written as an immature fool. The writers were obsessed with making Brutus the scorned illegitimate child of Ceaser and explaining everything about the historical character from that point of view. It doesn't work at least for me.Attached to the production is a modernistic "everyman" history in the form of two soldiers. They are supposed to weave into the plot to show the lives of everyday romans. But for me, it doesn't really work. They are inserted into key events in every episode in really clumsey ways. Having one of them trigger the civil war and then later be the actual father of Ceasar's child by Cleopatra is just silly. There is also an adultery plot that runs the entire season that just isn't very interesting. It would have been better to ditch the two everyman and bring in character actors for single episodes to play the roles that common people might play in the plot. Both actors are excellent though. They are actually playing far above the material they are being given.Nobody can deny that violence was a part of Roman life. Where the production gets it wrong however is when it does "look at me" sorts of sex and violence that don't in any real way advance the plot and are just there to draw in a certain kind of audience.The accurancy of its portrayal of ordinary Roman life is up for question anyway. The reason most productions on rome focus on the top layer of society is that we have books from the period written about those people. We don't have much as far as accounts of common rome go and all too often, archelogy combined with imagination gets substituted for solid history. And all too often, the view of sexuality in roman society is based on a couple writers who wrote tabloid style scandal material either for the political opponents of the elite or for the people in every age who consume such things.Properly edited down, "Rome" would be a first-class production. As it is, like most of the material funded by HBO its flawed by an attempt to draw in a bigger audience through salting in lots of sex 'n violence.
Saw the series on tv a few years back and decided we'd forgotten and missed enough episodes to re-watch the series.
I thought it was going to be funny, but it was just inapropriate. The very first episode and I was like really?
Series is ok, a little drawn out in some of the episodes for me. Could have been done a lot better.
Very interesting concept, except it's almost Game of Thrones set in reality as opposed to fantasy. And really, if the sex/nudity weren't so prominent, I'd be more interested. I think you can make it obvious what's going on without graphic demonstration. Felt the same with The Tudors, Borgias, etc. I guess I'm feeling just change the names of the characters and the setting, just keep the same plot lines throughout all these shows. But it is a good show, I've just seen it before with different names and costumes.
I love this show but was really upset with the officer looking into the elderly woman who was slain's case. As a law official he should know better than to bully a bank person into giving information on an individual while on the phone. They have strict laws in every state to protect people from fraud and identity theft. Just because cameras are there filming  you does not give you the right to supersede those laws. And to say to someone that they are helping a murderer, especially someone doing their job and following the law, is just ridiculous!! Shame on him!! I hope he watched this and learned from his stupidity!!
Show started strong but then network saw its ratings were strong and decided to milk it for another season,  going off on tangents with minor characters, and the show just became stagnant and boring.
Now, I'm going to admit I thought the show was pretty funny when it first came on. But midway through the fist season, the child actors started to get on my nerves, they wernt acting like kids, they were acting like snotty adults. I stopped watching for a while, then I caught a couple reruns on USA Network, the new baby is just awful and annoying. And one thing that bothers me is that they completely ignore the cameras. I know they aren't suppose to act like the cameras are around in a documentary, but its not like a movie theater will allow a camera crew in a movie theater with copyrighted stuff in it? just come on
Overall good cast. the writing is third rate. vulgar language in place of wit. the idea is a good one............change the writing staff.
I was very impressed with the organizers of the show.  They selected teams that kept the excitement a nd the drama going.  I was behind the black couple until they demonstrated  bigotry and prejudice against the two Muslims who were also participating.  They did not start their hate campaign until the Muslims began to become a threat to win the race.  They made matters worse by spreading their feelings to two other teams.  They behaved badly and should be ashamed of themselves.  They highly educated and black they should understand what hatred can do to people.  I gave the program three stars because they allowed it to continue.
I did enjoy this series. I do not know why it only went one season, but I gather it did.The production quality is very good with some very high quality cinematography and some appropriate understated acting. It starts slow, so I recommend you stick it out for 3 or so episodes before giving it up. It was worth it for me.However, the 3 stars is due to the abruptness in ending what promised to be a good plot. The very end left me a little cold and was obviously a setup for another season.I do not regret watching this season of Rubicon, but I wanted more at the end.
My grandson loves it. I fail to see any educational value. It is just a nice non violent cartoon.  Nothing spectacular .
I'm intrigued by this show.  But, it didn't grab me until the end when the demon with all the tattoos showed up.  Before that, it played like just another disaster flick on the SciFi channel, predictable and too formulaic with stereotypical characters like the fugitive.  They really should have created a different character for Aldis Hodge because this is a waste of a huge talent, plus I hate seeing another brotha portrayed as a convict, whether he's innocent or not.  In fact, Aldis Hodge was the only reason why I watched this pilot, so that was disappointing.  But, if this show makes the cut, then I will definitely check it out to see what this demon thing is all about.
Cliched lame-o ending. Its a onspiracy! Oh wait, its a onspiracy but I killed my coconspirators, faked my fear of heights, and decided to give you time o be saved by bragging about my evil plan instead of killing you once you made me.
Horrible, terribad, worthless. Do not waste your time. This is a disjointed, awful, attempt at some type of &#34;artsy&#34; statement. Watch at your own risk and waste of money.
With the cast it could have been better. I think the direction and writing made this rather a long drawn out negative show. Not one bit of light at the end of the tunnel and pretty much ambition and greed leading the way...Washington DC all the way. I get enough of this lovely life on the news. Do not consider it entertaining when it is being played out in our lives. But hey that is just me, you may love it.
I was hoping this show would be somewhat like Nashville only younger and into the classical world.  But again.  Can't watch it with family because there is so much filthy language and stupidity going on.  You want to watch a show that is enjoyable and that the whole family can sit and watch together.  Could you imagine asking grandma to sit and watch this with you?  Come on Amazon...  You can do better.
How to consider the suppositions of such disdain within society? Dare I 'think outside the box?' Must I disavow who I am? Were I to agree with all the philosophical and psychological aspects of this presentation, would I still be creative? Perhaps the most annoying facet is the assumption that they have the only correct answers! The format is poorly conceived and presented. In all honesty, the supercilious attitude of those involved in the theorizing is enough to cause a negative response even if one might agree in part. Recommended? Only for those who might have an interest in the cause of the inability of 'great thinkers' to offer reasonable conclusions and those with an interest in aberrant psychoanalysis!
First, get actors that can actually speak rather than mumble.  Or use subtitles.  I have to agree with the kitchen sink analogy. Because that's pretty much what the writers did.  Whatever was in their heads just came barreling out into a total mess. Or they were channeling "Plan 9 from Outer Space".  There is nothing coherent about this movie.  It simply makes no sense.  You can rattle on about Arthurian theories and some grand plan, but the bottom line is that it's just a bad movie.  It's billed as the number one horror movie of the year. Perhaps my definition of horror is different than the producers of this dreck. Because there was nothing horrifying in this crap.  Oh, it was gory and bloody alright.  But horrifying?  I'd call some of the singing on American Idol horrifying, but not this.  Perhaps they should let someone with a Hitchcockian background redo this into what could be a very good movie. And just because a movie makes you think, doesn't make it good. Actually, the only three thoughts you'll have is 1) what the hell is going on? 2) When will this crap end? and 3) How can I get my money back?.  Go see Expendables 2.  It's a bad movie too, but at least it's entertaining.  You'll never say that about Kill List.
The best thing I can say about this film is that there are nice shots of pretty clothes and a lovely upper-class English home in the early 1930's.The main character, a self-absorbed wealthy young girl, is torn between the man she is about to marry and a former lover.  She is pretty in a vacuous way, but with an annoying habit of posing with her two front teeth resting on her lower lip.  I guess that's what privileged young girls did in England at that time?  Her groom to be is a handsome cheerful chap but we don't see much of him.  Who we do see "moping about" is last summer's boyfriend, a chinless lad with all the charm of the tortoise he gave her.  It turns out, in the only interesting scene in the film, that he may have impregnated her, in which case the child will have the worst features of both---egad!  The bride, who is supposed to be not only pretty but witty and charming  (we don't see that but we are told that she is) has the stock plain, little sister whom everyone ignores.  There are other stock characters...Miss Spoon who gets herself locked in the bathroom....a little boy who plants confetti bombs on the stuffier family members and the "charming" but dreadfully interfering mother (well played by Elizabeth McGovern).I suppose if I cared a whit about who this dim, blah girl eventually married I'd have enjoyed the film.  But I didn't.
&#34;Harry&#34; Bosch is s wonderful, relatable detective  in Connelly&#34;s books.  Less so in this new proposed series.  While Bosch is a low-key character, Welliver  overdid that.  Smoking many cigarettes in a short time does not constitute acting.  Perhaps this one needs more time to develop.  Don't know if it is worthy of my time.
I really am stunned that this show seems to be getting the highest rating of all the new original pilots. It's like all the other crime/cop dramas on TV already
This is a very good series but there seems to be a sex scene every few minutes of spies having sex with other spies etc. This takes away from the show and becomes very irritating.
This outta be the typical review the lovers of this show are probably used to by now... surely enough, I love the movie, SG-1 & Atlantis... but cannot stand this one.Why? Well, I can't put enough emphasis on the word BORING. It sums up most of the shows. The first episode looked promising. The SGC had discovered that dialing a 9th symbol on the Stargate could possibly take them somewhere even further than the Pegasus galaxy. There is a very large team from Earth on another planet at the far reaches of two galaxies, attempting to discover what dialing the 9th symbol leads to? Out of nowhere the planet they are on comes under attack all of a sudden by aliens, and whomever was not beamed up by Scotty had to make a run for it through the gate to the mystery of where the 9th symbol leads to.Upon escaping through the gate, they find themselves on an unmanned alien space ship that is losing power and falling apart. From then on the first couple of episodes are up and down, sometimes they have interesting things going on, but for the most part it is a lot of boring dialog between characters I, and I know many other viewers too, just could not find likable.There is a stubborn scientist, a dork who beat a computer game and was asked to join the group to lend his expertise in being attempt at a non military or scientific perspective, a young girl who is irritating, boring, not in anyway any sort of eye candy, and certainly not a strong female role model like SG1 and Atlantis provided plenty of. The only thing noteworthy of her is her father eats peaces of BLEEP for breakfast. Being that she looks 16, no normal hot blooded male over 18 is going to be watching her for other reasons than acting either... so it's a losing situation either way. Not to mention, she seems to be a BLEEP (rhymes with bore) and the crush the dork has on her is more annoying than anything, because I just don't care if they end up together or not when he's focusing on her during every waking moment he's not being told to hack into the alien ships computer and do something life saving... like unblocking the toilets.Many other characters are just as bad. In fact, no one is good at all. A blonde bimbo always doubting her medical abilities, Chun Li still trying to keep everything political by worrying about paper work rather than except the fact she is a million miles away from home and may never return, the colonel who is always being praised for how good he is supposed to be by his men, who always seem to be on the edge of insanity or blubbering like babies, which the colonel does himself when he's not saying pointless dialog or switching bodies with Richie Valan's and porking his missus. We had such great colonels in SG1 and Atlantis, O'Neil, Carter, Sheppard etc... and now we get a guy who looks as threatening as Carrot Top flicking cotton balls at you. I would even take the last two seasons of Stargate SG1's team over everyone in this show!The rest of the cast pretty much mostly seem to be day players/extras and stand ins just to make it seem like there is plenty of more opportunities for more characters to come in later in the series, but i'm at the end of the first series now, and overall I think I have been entertained by about 15 minutes in total during the whole running of the season. So I just don't care if anyone new comes in for season 2. It blew it's chance by becoming a soap opera rather than everything we came to love about SG1 and Atlantis.I'm not sure it even comes down to bad writing, I think it's the boring cast and how the whole thing is being preformed. The biggest thing that's making it boring is the humor... or should I say, the lack of humor. This show has little to none at all. It's mostly dark hallways and pointless dialog about their personal issues with each other or whether Eli or Rush should be the ones fiddling with alien computer programs to try and activate this and that thing to re-route power to shields, weapons or  a device that can give the annoying chick a new brain. (it happens, sigh). The rest is tedious dialogs of complaining, winging and arguments between them, taking most of the focus off of any sci-fi elements... it clearly stands out this season did not have a big enough budget to design better sets, aliens, or interesting new technologies. There was something for everyone, old and young, sci fi fan or not in SG-1 and Atlantis, this SGU version, it's the worst idea for Days of Our Lives in Space that could have ever been conceived.Excitement is too far and in between. Even when guys like Richard Dean Anderson, Michael Shanks and Amanda Tapping make guest appearances, it just does not make the show better. Everything about it is wrong. It's not just the lack of humor, or adjusting to new cast members, it's the entire atmosphere of the show. With SG-1 and Atlantis, you never knew what was going to happen in the next episode... but watching SG-U, you know what's going to keep happening, and the new things that do happen, all I can say is zzzzzzzzzzzzzz... it was like reliving the end days of WCW Nitro. Repetitive, boring and no imagination. You know from the first few episodes it's always going to be Eluid hacking this, Rush's new theory on that, whats her name boring you to death with how pointless she is, moring interactions and dull emotions by the rest, and a sleazy scene thrown in now and then to try and attract 13 year olds whose mom's put net nanny on their computers.I really can't say it enough about how boring I found the majority of this show to be. Nothing at all worked. I still hold hopes that a Stargate finale movie or season will get financed to wrap everything in SG-1 and Atlantis up. The word about the script that was written to do so mentioned it tied together and wrapped up all 3 Stargate shows... quite frankly, if it does get made, I couldn't care less if SG-U has anything to do with it, as it is the black sheep of the Stargate Universe, the actual universe, not the show with that name.And another thing... the music and soundtrack. The film, SG-1 and Atlantis had amazing scores, full orchestras that provided music that even if you didn't pay much attention to it, it never interfered with the scenes, it built up intensity, set the moods for action, or made you feel emotional when it needed to be... yet this SG-U show seems to have none of that. Not even a decent title sequence theme. It copies the dumb formula from Grey's Anatomy and inserts some stupid, depressing song, and plays it in it's entirety... what where they thinking when they through that would be a good idea? And the so called "creative" and edgy soundtrack turned out to be nothing more than irritating noises. One particular episodes music was actually giving me such a headache I ejected the DVD and threw it across the room, never wanting to hear ten minutes of what sounded like a spanner being smashed into a pipe every 7 seconds with a god awful dull slow humming noise... whoever recorded that should be expelled from ever creating music for TV/Movies ever again.There is so much more I could point out on what I hated about this show, but if this information I've mentioned already doesn't convince you this show sucks, or you can understand why I'm far from being alone on hating this show, then nothing will.
Aviva Drescher's father George Teichner is a truly disgusting creature. A perfect example of his race. Any decent producer would have neglected to subject us to the filth of George Teichner but in this case, the producers are of his same people, and so don't have such decency.
I am used to watching &#34;modern&#34; dramas with some four letter words, but this one was over the top.  I would say the &#34;f word&#34; was used at least every five seconds throughout the first episode.Other than the filth mouth, I would have given the show four stars.  As a science fiction fan, I liked the story line and I thought the acting was good, especially that of the lead actress, who played a pretty French lady.  One character who should be dropped was a drunken Irish man who was the most vulgar of all.Please tell me that the pretty lady will strangle the Irish guy within the first five minutes of the next episode.  That done, I will watch the show.  Otherwise, it is not for me.
Im sure everyone would like to edit this movie in something a bit better,,,is it Ron 's red riding hood cape or that huge amount of cheeze, or maybethe mutants could have used a bit more errie vocals...but all said thisis a pretty good movie that wanted to do it all but could only do somuch due to many factors...We have trench warfare like world war 1&2...we have powerfull coorporationsbent on winning at all price, and we have the newly arrival of the MACHINE.So, it might not be the best,, but they sure tried and came out with thismovie that is worthy of a view.This is a keeper for me.
So very comic book camp, and yet still fun to watch. Good story lines, I like the flashbacks, which is unusual because I often find them boring.
this  is just democrat smoke cloud spewingmarkets always workbecause they just let people produce, own what they produce, and trade freelyall government does is steal from thatand the make all poorerwhen price fall everyone richer, and they do natuallygovernment printing moeny and deficit spending should be bannedalso ban welfareincluding governemtn money to schools and universitiesend warsand economy take off liek rocket with insane amounts of private trains, atomci powerplants, and union free business of all sorts with nonstop innovation
This is not as good as the original MobWives.  The characters are boring.  The first or second episode the woman were fighting, cursing, and pulling each others' hair out.  I'm not watching any more episodes.#notmycupoftea
A story of a poor patient who lies in his death bed recalling his affair with a woman he loved, that was married to another.
Watching sister wives is a unusual show about a man having four wives and often wonder what its like to marry with two men.
Good old alien invasion idea done with an original spin I've never seen or thought of. Seeing something with twists and turns makes it that much more enjoyable.
All the comments I've read here ... I most certainly agree with.It was also,  VERY hard to ignore the unbelievably gorgeous wardrobes of some of the actors, particularly the character of Bellinda who looked like she stepped out of Kate Middleton's palace.  In fact they they could be twins separated at birth, who now have their makeup done by the same professional cosmetologist.There is a natural beauty in women which is not enhanced by pancake makeup, carefully waxed eyebrows and all the rest.  We are supposed to be looking back at History...as it was.  Yet, every time one of the perfectly manicured female actors showed up, the &#34;reality&#34; of it was destroyed and I could only stare and wonder how a director such as Ridley Scott or Discovery could have let that happen.I will finish watching all the episodes because of Tim Roth, the scenery and the educational aspect.  This could have been a GREAT series...but Hollywood Glamour reared it's fake face.
I didn't get the concept of this Amazon Pilot.  It's jokes fell flat and the actors seemed stiff and wooden.  It's an okay look at young professionals trying to make it in a fierce atmosphere.
Had never before watched this show, so while there is little redeeming value to the show, it did amuse me for a while. Should I also admit that I learned a few beauty tricks?
It was an exciting series. I thought the actors did a good job, although I like Cumberbatch better as Sherlock. The main reason I didn't give it more stars is because I really didn't like the ending. It felt unsettled. I don't have any guarantee that there will be any second series to take up where this one left off too abruptly, in my opinion.
Started slow, getting better.
Disclaimer: this review contains the *OPINIONS* of the reviewer.I'd been hoping for more with this, and I felt like my expectations got shot down.To start off, I'll say what I didn't like the most about this: the lack of any trace of a comprehensive story. What we have are a bunch of middle-aged guys (it's never revealed, but you get the sense they're anarchists) who, recorded (possibly accidentally) over one's own personal sex tape, record their own dangerous misdeeds (including a force flash of a young lady). Well, after a brief discussion on how they get money on a porn site for every time they get a flash recorded, one of them tells the group how they can get more money than they could imagine from finding one certain tape. What's on the tape? Why's it worth so much? Who's paying for it? Those and other questions get asked, but no real answers are given.What trace of a storyline there is in the central story, there's little more than that in each ministory. Honestly, it felt like the dialogue in each story had been crafted by college kids that didn't care about coming up with an intelligent (let alone intelligible) storyline, they just wrote what they felt like then added special effects to make it all fit. Not only excessive swearing (already making it too much like today's American horror rather than a substantial foreign horror movie), but also (in most cases) having excessive nudity (I think they only added horror elements to keep it from being labeled as "porn"), it already made me anxious to actually want something substantial.Well, I would rate something like this 1/2 a star rather than none at all simply for nostalgia (they did get V/H/S technicalities and tape quirks right, I'll give them that), but I'll slightly further than that. Another 1/2 star for one segment that included a decent special effect that did impress me. The forest segment where the killer couldn't be clearly seen due to being glitched out (not only visually, but also the sound was glitched to add to the atmosphere). Beyond that, all the other special effects I couldn't pretend to have the heart to enjoy.Maybe there's a chance the sequel, S-V/H/S, will be any better?
The Castle character is still all about himself with no concern for endangering Beckett's career with his immature antics. Maybe the writers could get rid of his character and transition the novels and working with NYPD to Alexis. The relationship between Alexis and Beckett would be enough. OR, it will be the same up and down on and off between Castle and Beckett.  This seems to be about smart women making stupid choices: how long will Beckett keep babysitting the American male ... the Scotland Yard guy was a better match.Episode 3: So, we saw it coming, I trust - FEDERAL means FEDERAL. The job was the right move, if nothing esle to show Kate what it would be like and the freedoms that would be compromised by hitting the national scene. The career investment in major cities like New York and Los Angeles is hard to leave behind, especially with coworkers, friends, and family there as well. Washington is a unique mix in the scheme of things and so is the FBI.
I gave Warehouse 13 Season 3 3 stars because they kept up with some (not all) of the quality that all the other Warehouse 13 seasons had. I didn't like the fact that they felt the need to bring in a homo, just to keep up with the fad of other shows. The character did not fit; it was like they just tried to shove him in there to make a statement. I would recommend this to those who liked the other Warehouse 13 seasons and those who enjoy Sci-Fi.
I understand the concept but this film was horrible. Don't waste your few dollars....go to Star----- and get a coffee instead !
I did not enjoy this movie at all.  It was boring from beginning to end.  Not worth watching.  Pass it up.
Not easy to review a show after watching only the pilot episode but from what I have seen here I have no interest in watching a second episode. In such a short opening episode we meet the cast and get a glimmer of what they are about - somewhat - but beyond that - zip. This show, this type of show, needs more room, more time. I do not see it working as a half hour show.
TBBT is one of those shows that people do not stop talking about. After hearing all this great stuff, I thought I should jump in! On a day off, I caught a marathon on TBS. I watched about 4 episodes, didn't find them funny, so I decided it wasn't for me. Recently I won a season in my office's white elephant. I thought I would maybe give it another try, because maybe the episodes I saw where just from when the show was in a dry patch. I popped this disk in, I watched all 7 episodes on that disk, and I didn't laugh once. The problem I have with this show, is that it doesn't really make you think, unlike so many other shows out there such as Arrested Development, Parks and Rec, and Community you don't have to think. The jokes are simple and all the jokes are just 'stand-in jokes' and none of the jokes &#34;come out of the charecters.&#34; I know that was kind of hard to understand haha, but the charecters just don't really feel real., How they portray Asperger's is unbelievably off, they portray people with that disease to be self-centered and really not care for anyone. I have a very close family member that has that disease and he is very kind and not as extreme as that character is. If you wanna see a good portrayal of that disease watch Parenthood or Community. and how &#34;geeky&#34; they are. The overwhelmingly loud laugh track ruins the show, and the acting is just awful. I know some of you probably disagree with me, and that's OK. This is just my opinion.
Although I watched this film & it held a grip on my reality until the end, I'm still unsure why Bernie was hell-bent on pointing out her friends shortcomings (Exception rapiest - that is not a shortcoming & I'm not taking that lightly). Considering the transgressions of Bernie's friends and their serious character flaws, I'm still missing something - Did I miss the part or can someone tell me, who made Bernie God?  I'm deliberately calling her Bernie because she hates it so....and I think she deserves it!  If I'm not mistaken, I've seen a movie with the same story line (removal of body parts at a dinner party).  There could have even been a couple made, both of which made more sense than this one.....not a good showing.
It was not as good as I thought they would be, the one hour programs seem to be a lot better. Maybe they were to short..
The story is poor, the acting is fair, the monster is laughable, and even the broader scope of there being an alien invasion of Earth rather than this being an isolated incident is not enough to make this film interesting. Don't bother!
I can see how some might like it, but it was not for me. All the (not great) singing really killed it for me, I didn't make it through the pilot. But I won't give it one star, because I think I'm just not the target audience for this show.
This movie has several quality actresses and a promising premise. The trailer suggested a funny movie similar to Bridesmaids, which I loved, so I was really looking forward to watching this. Unfortunately, the jokes fell flat and the characters were catty and unlikeable. The language was foul, the bridesmaids were awful to the bride, and there was cavalier treatment of near-lethal drug use. I just didn't find it funny. I can't recommend this movie at all, but if you are looking for a funny film, I can recommend Bridesmaids.
Camera work is good LOL, but the acting doesn't is more suited to promotional or commercials you see on tv for bacon. The writing/dialogue is so, so and doesn't really keep my interest. The director should be slap for going along with all the other nonsense in this series. I'd save your money and wait for a better magical base show before I'd pay for Witches of East End.
I'm sorry if this is nit-picky, but NO respectable lady would allow herself to be in the same room, let alone the same house, as a prostitute, and no respectable gentleman would allow his wife to stay in that room/house. I don't care if the owner of the house thought it was okay or not, his guests would have left as soon as the "ho" walked in. This was the Victorian period...ladies did NOT mingle with prostitutes. Do the writers seriously not know this??? I thought this show was trying to be historically accurate.And the women's dresses in this episode were atrocious. I noticed how ugly they were in previous episodes, but I was willing to overlook that, until this episode. A very recent widow--who should still be in mourning, I don't care who she thinks she is, or how open-minded she is--would NEVER show herself in public in a WHITE ballgown! Are you kidding me???  Who is the costumer on this show? Not only was it white, but it looked like a wedding gown...HELLO!!  Again, who is dressing these people?!! I guess I'm just used to the higher quality and attention to detail I see on other BBC shows like Downton Abbey, for example. I've never seen such deplorable costumes on a BBC show in this century! And don't try to argue there was a war going on. This was the North, and these people are supposed to be VERY wealthy. They can afford the best silks and satins, etc. So the women should be dressed to fit their station. They don't seem to have a problem dressing the wh@res to look like wh@res...why can't they dress the upper class characters correctly?I could have overlooked these seemingly minor details except it seems as if great pains have been taken with the rest of the show to make it as accurate as possible, so the whole costume debacle is just sad, bad, and beyond my comprehension.Then there's the awful acting, that I won't even go into.The first several episodes were interesting, but once the bad acting became too much to bear any longer, and the hideous costumes made my eyes bleed with their ugliness, I had to stop watching. If this show gets another season, I hope they get a bigger budget and can afford some better costumes and more talented actors.
I liked this...it was pretty exciting and i enjoyed it.  I only watched one, though...don't think it would excite me for more.
It was intriguing to start, although a tad slow.  Then it started getting interesting, then odd, then cool, then it became ridiculous.  Another never-ending &#34;Lost&#34; or &#34;Revolution&#34; that suckers you into watching it, but promptly goes to boring filler dialogue-land after a zillion episodes, making you sorry you invested/wasted the time.
There is something strangely fascinating about the casting of a downward spiraling Lindsay Lohan as screen icon (and two time Oscar winner) Elizabeth Taylor. Lohan is an easy target, to be sure, so I entered into the Lifetime original movie "Liz & Dick" with a reasonably open mind. It's true that this TV movie was lambasted critically, but it also became one of cable's biggest ratings hits of 2012. So, if nothing else, the Lohan factor created a certain curiosity. In that way, Lifetime came out the winner. That said, I might not have expected greatness, depth, or insight out of "Liz & Dick," but I did anticipate a bit of fun. With a history of cheesy and over-the-top movies, I thought this might be a genuine guilty pleasure. Highlighting the tempestuous relationship between Taylor and Richard Burton (played by Grant Bowler, now on SyFy's Defiance), there was lots of room for campy fun. Alas, this never comes to fruition. Too superficial to be truly enlightening and too serious to be much fun, "Liz & Dick" doesn't make much of a mark at all.The movie is centered, for the most part, around the Cleopatra shoot that put Burton and Taylor together for the first time. Not much in the way of introduction is done for either, so hopefully you know something about each career-wise to put the story into context. Taylor is a diva, Burton a charming boozer. Both are married, but are somehow drawn to one another. Looking at the movie, however, there is nothing to establish this as a grand passion or a legitimate romance. There is a mild opposites attract flirtation and suddenly they are dissolving their marriages. They get together only because they're supposed to, to heck with demonstrating any real drama or relationship building. This by-the-numbers biography is so vague and unenlightening, they try to add content by staging interludes where Taylor and Burton reminisce in spare interview sequences.If you are familiar with Burton and Taylor, "Liz & Dick" offers absolutely no new insight into the pair. Chances are that if you have a preexisting knowledge of this film era and a love of movies, you are already smarter than the film's screenplay. I feel like this was made as an introduction to those who have zero exposure to the actual back story. But if that's the case, the movie doesn't dig deeply enough into the dynamics of the relationship or provide anything that defines this couple as the Hollywood royalty that they were. As for the performances, the great Theresa Russell is completely wasted as Taylor's mother. Bowler is likable enough, I suppose, but doesn't have much to work with. And Lohan lacks impact as a woman that could captivate the world. Truthfully, though, it is the tepid screenplay that makes "Liz & Dick" so dull. As I said, this didn't have to be great but it should have been fun! KGHarris, 5/13.
Very depressing the entire time, yes it's suspenseful and has a great cast, but there wasn't a silver lining or even the smallest joke.
Too many dreams, too many different aliens. Sci Fi can do better. How many times can the main character get abducted? How many times can he rise to high levels of power each time he comes back and have the whole free world follow him?
Very interesting and sad.  Almost mind boggling, but important to know. The better version is what's happening now.  Still, I recommend this documentary.
The question is "Did We Really Need to Rebuild Her?" After watch all eight episodes of this Bionic Woman remake, I say NO!This last TV season NBC choose to remake the Bionic Woman for the 2000's. In trying to gain success like Sci-Fi Channel had the other 1970's remake  Battlestar Galactica, The producers took a gritter style...and It failed on many levels.As lovely as Michelle Ryan is, she is NO Lindsay Wagner. Ms Ryan tries to give this piece heart. The Character , a bartender , is given her bionics after an auto accident with her Government surgeon boyfriend.  She is saddled her with a felony kid sister (Lucy Hale) who was dumped on her when their father disappeared. Ryan is one of the reason's to watch this show.However, the heart of the show is buried deep within sub plots of the previous sort of Evilish bionic woman Sarah (Katee Sackhoff from the remake Of Gallatica) and ideas of double crossing people that seemed to be ripped off from old ALIAS plots. This new Woman is told is a soap opera form, which weaken this piece.The highlight of the show after Ryan  is Miguel Ferrer as the mysterious  Jonas. He plays a tough as nails agency boss, better than Richard Anderson ever played Oscar Goldman. His stone cold demeanor works well in this character, better than he did in Crossing Jordan (which season one is coming on DVD soon)The funnest thing about this new Bionic Woman. She  has $50,000 dollars worth of bionics parts, up from the 1970's amount of six million..inflation, inflation, inflation!I am sadden that only eight episodes (which are all presented here) were made of this series before the writer's strike of TV season 2007-2008. It had promise, but we may never know if it could have developed. NBC Network  has not stated if this show has been renewed for the next season. So these eight episodes may be the only  episodes of this seriesI can only wish that someone would release the classic Six Million Dollar man or the original Bionic woman on DVD...Now that was great television!Bennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
Not overly impressed with the show -- it's just like every other Hoarder show. Some a little more disgusting than others. Pick those ones for the shock value only.Here's how it goes:&#34;People who hoard have issues and they usually wait until it's so far gone that they a) are getting evicted by their landlord or b) the county has deemed the house/apartment/trailer uninhabitable.&#34; That's the message through and through.The hoarder always has some reason for their behavior  and of course is reluctant to make any changes -- this goes on for at least a half hour. There is a crazy family dynamic going on where family members are estranged from the hoarder, mad as can be and &#34;don't want nothing to do&#34; with the hoarder. They all haven't spoken for a long time.  Soooo,  bring in some specialist in the psychological issues of hoarding (really? there is such a thing? Well, now apparantly there IS! What an idiot job... sorry about wasting your perfectly good educationon a TV show. Probably getting paid great and it serves your ego oh-so-well to be the 'expert')Then the &#34;clean up crew&#34; (who look and sound like they are always advertising their services) show up and make predictible  comments on the mess of it all. Then they done protective gear and start the clean up job.There might be a crisis moment at the point the clean up is underway. Of course, there is a serious time crunch of like, oh... say: 48 hours. It's so serious at this point, because the hoarder was so reluctant for months, years... whatever... but no matter....the hoarder starts freaking out and has second thoughts about getting rid of some piece of cardboard or the bucket of poop (seriously, this was in one of the episodes I watched!!) and everything halts while the family gets ticked off again, walks out, vowing that they are DONE with this nonsense. Bring in that specialist and have a come-to-reason meeting.... on we go with the clean up.Everything turns out good in the end. Or maybe not. To be honest, I watched two shows and just ended up feeling disgusted that main stream entertainment has turned into such a freak show. It must be the &#34;train wreck&#34; mentally.And there are SEVERAL shows like this -- some are &#34;Extreme Hoarder&#34; shows and some are &#34;Just Hoarder&#34; shows. It should just be a matter of time before the &#34;Relapsed Hoarder&#34; show is on the air.Hey, I want the rights for THAT brilliant idea.
Reasonable doubt is about a district attorney  (Cooper) whose life is turned upside down when he's involved in a hit and run and another man (Jackson) is arrested for his crime and charged with murder only to find that the story isn't quite what it seems.This movie is ok but a very predictable thriller.  Jackson as always does a commendable job in the role.  The real issue is the plot is a bit unbelievable and erratic at times with an ending that is really not very good.  I can accept the improbable actions that the attorney does in the movie but he breaks all sorts of laws and in the end nothing really happens.  It is almost like the movie was cut short for some reason or another with some of the important scenes on the cutting room floor.This is ok for renting to watch but this movies plot, ending and presentation could have been much better to create more suspense than it really did and keep it from being a higher rated movie.
I watched the entire Season 1 and started watching Season 2, but got tired of the same old same old:1. a family moves into a house,2. the family pets start acting strange/getting sick/dying,3. one or more family members notice shadows/orbs/noises/objects being moved around,4. one of the family members does some historical research on the house and discovers that somebody died there,5. the strange happenings continue,6. one of the family members calls in a local ghost hunting group (there always seem to be one of those around),7. the group sets up its equipment and records a ghostly voice,8. they call in a local psychic (there always seem to be one of those around),9. she (why is it always a she?) finds evidence of a ghostly presence,10. they decide to &#34;cleanse&#34; the house,11. the ghost tries to take over the body of one of the cleansers,12. they finally kick him/her out,13. and all is peaceful in the house.And then there's the annoying intro and the spooky sound effects and the camera tricks designed to scare the viewer.And that's about it for all the stories, with slight variations.  I really enjoy ghost stories, but this is just too formulaic, so much so that it's not scary anymore.
This episode wasn't. Sorry Matt. Good luck selling hot dogs from a cart in your next career. Why do all these actors feel like they have to just go down? Disassociate themselves with the part? Sad. There were lots of problems with this ending, but I won't go through them. They have been blasted by so many others. The battles were pointless and irrelevant, the plot was scatter-shot, the interactions felt hazily thrown together.This is not going to stop the guy directing from directing, clearly, so we can look forward to more of this kind of crappy, phoned-in writing. And Capaldi, don't even get me started. Is there anyone else that could feel LESS like Doctor Who? The guy gave me the creeps. His performance seemed contrived, like he had memorized his lines on the way to the set after picking up fast food. A burger in one hand and a script in the other. TELL ME THIS ISN'T WHERE THIS FRANCHISE IS HEADED!!! Please.
Mary Shannon (Mary McCormack) is a Federal Marshal with the Witness Protection Program.  Working along side her partner Marshall Mann (Fred Weller), she helps witnesses adjust to their new life in Albuquerque, New Mexico.  Since most of these people are criminals who agreed to testify against other criminals, that isn't always easy.  For example, there's the con artist who may or may not have set her sights on a new mark, yet gets her picture in the paper.  There's the man who brings his wife and mistress into the program only to decide it was time to break up with his mistress.  And even when the witnesses are innocent, their lack of desire to leave their old life behind them can lead to problems, too.If all that weren't enough, Mary's personal life is far from calm.  She is supporting her dead beat mother (Lesley Ann Warren) and her sister Brandi (Nichole Hiltz).  Not only has Brandi fallen for Mary's sometimes boyfriend Raphael (Cristian de la Fuente), but she is also hiding methamphetamine until her boyfriend can arrange the sale.  What will happen when that little bombshell comes out?Personally, I'm still not quite sure what to make of this show.  At times, I am quite interested in seeing how things turn out.  Then I get fed up with the soap opera nature of Mary's personal life.  More often then not, Mary comes across as smug and condescending instead of human and funny, which I have a feeling is what they are aiming for.  And the way she lets herself get manipulated by her family drives me crazy.  And yet I keep watching because I need to know what will happen next.  And I will tune in when the second season starts.I certainly can't fault the acting in any of this.  The actors all do an impeccable job of bringing their characters to life, flaws and all.  I think it may be those portrayals that keep me coming back.So yes, I will keep watching the show.  If you are interested, I'd suggest catching some reruns before you plunk down the money for this set.
good story line .. but hard to follow.. will stick with it tho' to see what happens.. pretty dark...good choice of characters...
I suspect that when they cast Piper Perabo in this role they knew her appeal would salvage some listless story lines. Her placement in each scene is a bit too intentional, perhaps they rely too much on Piper. The show is a bit contrived and 'too sexy' for it's own good.
not sure if i like it or not and find out more later i might watch it again reminded me or roswell.
A spy thriller that has a little different twist than most.
It was an ok show, just so barbaric I just felt too many mixed emotions when watching it. I don't know if it is historically correct or not as I know nothing of the history of the Vikings. It to me was just an ok series!
i love anjelina jolie- she is a great actress and she was in the movie- i didnt read the whole description and its not the movie salt so really disappointed
Rufus Sewell and Gillian Anderson are always amazing, but this movie is more about the loss the wife of the time traveler experiences and her depression that ensues over the long stretch of time that he's gone and not about the sci fi aspects of time travel. If you're looking for a film that captures the moods of those left behind, this could work. If you're looking for true sci fi that transports you, this will leave you fast forwarding until you're at the credit. But long live Rufus and Gillian!
This is torturous to watch. I couldn't stand listening to the dreadful, smug and pompous speakers, let alone look at their faces. It is painful, like the university lecture course with a cadre of self important twits droning on about things that are of no importance to a significant topic. Save yourself the pain and skip this documentary.
The story was interesting but there were a lot of scenes I did not consider even with the rating (I figured it was on family tv)
Outside of a window suddenly being blown out and water in a room the only part of the movie that looked like Katrina were the borrowed news casts of that event. All the hospital events seemed artificial, contrived, made up - just not believable. Searching for batteries and other items; hand cranking a generator to power a life support for a baby; killing intruders (even they seemed overly scripted). Acting was TV soap opera drama filled with predictable bad or non-decisions just to sustain 90 minutes.
Bravo really needs to do better than this.  The three duds you brought on to replace Jill and Alex are just not working.  Please bring back Jill and Alex.  I never thought I would say this, but I am liking Ramona more and more and actually find her to be more trustworthy than anyone else on the show.  I do like LuAnn, but she is becoming too competitive, and I wish she would stop.  I find her, however, to be much more likable than the princess you brought on the show.  I think that Carole Radziwill is an accomplished person, but on this kind of program, she just does not work out well.  She is kind of boring.  I won't be watching next season, and I just got into the Real Housewives of New York, and found it interesting until this year.  Some of the Real Housewives shows are getting old, and this is one of them.
That is how I watched this series. It is fun to watch if you expect nothing else than just passing some time watching old fashion TV without paying a lot of attention. The main character's acting is terrible. She is pretty and fit. And there is not scene in which you can believe for a second that she is CIA or scared or being tortured or in love. She looks at every men with exactly the same expression. Which is exactly the same expression that she has when she looks at women. Or walls. Or guns. Or phones. Or whatever. The writing is poor so what she looks at really does not matter. But the series is not bad as in hard to watch. It is quite easy to pass the time with it. It is the old fashion TV formula -- a CIA target is discovered, pursued, and turned or captured in less than a day by an unexperienced, not really compelling pretty girl making cute dog faces without any clever plan. There also some senseless subplots with absurd conspiracies--most of them focused on Russia because here the Cold War has not ended--and the CIA here is run by a married couple in which he is the big boss and she is something of a maternal #2. They could have made a vintage piece, a la Mad Men, and it would have been charming, but comparing this to Mad Men is like comparing the taste of the best chocolate to an used chewing gum.
I really enjoy scifi but this one is just so so. Lots of unbelievable ( not researched like a Star Trek ) circumstances. You don't connect much to the characters and some of the episodes very very drawn out. Don't think I'll bother with the coming season
While I appreciate the Nudity, the rest left me wanting. The writing was good, but the story and characters didn't hook me at all. While the show as thirty minutes long, it felt like forty-five minutes, shows I like tend to feel the opposite.
The problem is that the premise, a group can successfully keep a whole family hostage for this long, is just not real.  I see so many opportunities for the family to reach out and get help.  The doc could have spoken to the secret service senior agent.  Once she knew Duncan's identity---she had all the power she needed.  Her cell can record so she could have recorded her husband's shooting and gone from there.Then there is the moment she decides to leave her kids in the wind, knowing they are being pursued to go back to her husband.  Wow, I am supposed to appreciate this woman? Choosing her faithless husband, while I get it she still loves him, over her kids.  ALL She had to do at this point was call the cops to her house and get on the bus.  End of the line for the whole conspiracy.This moment has come and gone so many times.  The world is too large for this kind of hostage taking to survive this long.  It doesn't matter how many people they have in place---she had all the power the moment she escaped.  Go to an attorney and that would be all the concealment she'd need.  She knew the husband had stayed behind, calling him just put him in danger and gave them leverage.  She just is not believably that stupid.I wanted to like it but just can't get past the constant feeling that the characters are not real people.  They are just too dumb.  The young man is smart enough to deal under his family and school's nose and he uses a pay phone.  Every kid in this country knows how caller ID works.  My kid knows how to block the outgoing number, so I am sure he would have.The boyfriend.... the girl could confide in him with her parents advice and he could go to an attorney and they could contact an outside police force with all kinds of photos, recordings etc....  The family has easy access to various cells so they could quite easily record evidence of their incarceration to pass on to the boyfriend Boyd.It just requires too much suspension of disbelief to watch any more.The actors and the quality are the only positives.  The story is the source of the failure.
It really had no story...no character knew what was going on. The security guard at the hotel said it might be the end of the world, but then still robbed the french women? What? The Beverly Hills gang members wanting to rob the vault? I mean why not just shack up in the mansion? No one has turned on a radio? Kinda s***ty.Spoiler alert....Am I suppose to think that is a demon cause of the horns and the chick mentioning revelation? That's weak. The tattoo thing makes no sense. A demon for people born on March 7th? I mean they set up so little of the story here it didn't leave me wanting more, it left me wondering why I watched it.
I dislike jokes that slander Christianity.  Showing a picture of Jesus on the cross and telling someone to get a closeup of the bulge.  If you did anything like that to any other belief system you would be characterized as a bigot and you might even be fired for it.  Not so if your bigotry is aimed at Christianity.  There is an American Pastor imprisoned in Iran who has been sentenced to 8 years in that prison because he tried to bring a message of love instead of hate to that country.  They are torturing him for that.  He will probably die in that prison at the hands of his torturers.  There are reports that he is bleeding internally from constant beatings but the Iranians wont get him a doctor.  So whoever wrote this crap that is supposed to be funny is a Christian bigot. I'm sure your very proud of yourself.
The show is diverting and interesting but seriously too light weight. Viewers are capable of dealing with much more depth than the show provides. A Brit would say the host is too cheeky for the subject matter!
As a Jason Statham fan I was disappointed with Redemption.  The plotline was weird along with the unbelievable character Statham played in the film. His character is an ex-Afghanistan vet bedeviled by PTSD, who becomes almost homicidal when sober and helpless when drunk.  He has sex with a nun, who is also a hard to conceive character. Looks to me that the movie was just cranked out to make a few dollars.
I only watched one episode. It had too much nudity and sex in it. The story line was good but didn't enjoy the rest.
i dont' hate it but it doesn't quite peak my intrest.  may end up watching it later if i am bored.
This show is insulting to anyone who knows more than 5 words about computer science and pop culture. I wanted to like it, the premise was interesting, the characters were tolerable, but the writing was bludgeoning. The stuff they say is so poorly written I couldn't get further than half way through the second episode. It's so glaringly obvious that the writers have no freaking idea what lingo people in the industry use or care to do 30 seconds of research to check. I lost it and gave up on the show when one of the 'tech savvy' girl characters wants to start taking bets and while holding a piece of yellow coin shaped plastic says 'I got a BitCoin on Bollywood'. BitCoins are not actual coins, for anyone wondering, and if you spend more than 3 hours on the internet you would know that. This show is somehow more of an insult to nerd culture than Big Bang Theory.
Once I read a commentary saying that any movie with Mickey Rourke in it wasa guaranteed bad movie.  Then he dropped out of sight for years, and thenre-emerged with &#34;The Wrestler&#34;, a good movie.  Then this came out and I thoughtI'd give it a try.  The &#34;good guy&#34; in this film is played by Kellan Lutz (a youngerbeefcake actor) supposedly a Marine still grieving for the death of his olderbrother who he followed into the service.  Somehow he ends up in Java Indonesia,trying to help a local detective (played by a well-known Indonesian actor namedArio Baku) to figure out the abduction of a princess and then, to save his familywho are kidnapped by the ridiculous bad-guy played by Rourke.Of all the problems with the movie the bad-guy character is the most problematic.What the heck accent is that supposed to be?  How come he can kill local peoplecasually when he has no visible bodyguards around him?  And generally, do peoplereally run around the streets there firing automatic weapons and nobody else stopspartying?Do yourself a favor--skip this one.
I watched "Burn Notice: The Fall of Sam Axe" with a fair amount of expectation and anticipation. I have watched the "Burn Notice" series from its inception with my spouse and I think that it's fair to say that it is one of our favorite weekly programs. Add to that, I have been a tireless devotee to the brilliant Bruce Campbell for more years than I care to recognize in print (decades!). So, this made-for TV movie seemed like a can't miss proposition. And, indeed, it begins on a decidedly whimsical note as Campbell faces a military tribunal for an escapade gone wrong. With his trademark bluster, Campbell challenges authority like no one else! His character has become a fan favorite over the years due to his verbal interplay with his series's co-stars Gabrielle Anwar and, most notably, Jeffrey Donovan. Donovan directs this tepid prequel and puts in a cameo, but its just long enough to highlight what's missing from this incarnation of the Burn Notice saga.As much as I liked the comedic stylings of the present day military sequences, one would expect a terrific, funny and larger than life episode to showcase Sam's outrageousness. In fact, the jungle exploits between a corrupt military junta and a ragtag band of rebel fighters just seems far too easy and conventional. In a set-up used in countless other films, Sam is sent as an observer to a third world nationality and discovers that all is not as it seems in their plight with rebel forces. Soon Sam is in the thick of things protecting an altruistic hospital (sweet) and its strong and dedicated American/Canadian doctors (no language barriers here!). But it is a sassy rebel orphan who really seals the deal in this film. Painfully unreal and contrived, the girl exists to personalize the story--but is just one more example of a character construct as opposed to a real person. That's right, the great Campbell's principle foil is a precocious teen--uggh!The strength of Burn Notice, as I mentioned above, is in its verbal pyrotechnics. The characters play off one another with rapid fire dexterity, and Campbell is an integral part of that success. Here, the script lacks the savvy and the smarts necessary to make this must-see entertainment and Campbell's big persona fails to have a match in the likable, if forgettable, ensemble of the film. Another part of the series' charm comes from stylish adventure and a palpable sense of danger. Here, the action is straightforward and lacking the visual flair we'd expect from the show. And as for danger, there's never a doubt as to the outcome of this fairly generic tale. As a Campbell enthusiast, I prefer his campier film forays and as a Burn Notice fan--this only hinted at the elements which distinguish the show. I watched it, it was pleasnat enough, but I can't imagine a second viewing. If you don't watch Burn Notice, though--you're missing out. I suggest you start there! KGHarris, 4/11.
I am going to admit that this is the first time i watched Teen Wolf. So this is the review for people who are thinking about getting one DVD in a continuing series and catching up. I'm sure there are plenty of reviews for people who have been watching the show from the beginning and want to know if they can expect great things or disappointment.But as far as I can tell, this show is about a lot of pretty white twenty-somethings who are pretending to be high school students and keep turning into werewolves and killing each other. In one episode, they are on the school bus the whole time. In another episode there are references to red eyes and green eyes. Everyone is talking about alphas. The Greek letters are like the semi-finals on Glee - they sure make sense for people who care. Not much for casual viewers.There's also a lot of mood music being played. And the town has a lot of people dying. It's one of those fictional towns where the murder rate would be high in a major metropolitan area and yet no one moves away.There's also a flashback episode where both storytellers are outright lying. That one has some wit.Beyond that, the characters all look alike. Sure, there's the cop from The Wire playing a veterinarian. However, everyone else looks like an Ambercrombie & Fitch model and there's no way to tell them apart. I understand that this is MTV and its audience is more superficial than most, but does EVERY single character have to be blandly good looking without much variation? It would be much easier keeping the people straight if you they included an Asian character, a black &#34;teenager&#34; (everyone in the show looks like they have books about quarter life crisis tucked away) or even a character that is fat or &#34;Hollywood ugly&#34; (Rachel Leah Cook in glasses would be a variation as far as this show it concerned.)If you love this show, I'm sure you'll be fine with it. I don't know. If you are curious about this show, you would have a better time playing with Barbie and Ken dolls. At least Barbie and Ken dolls have personality.
The low ratings may have to do with the fact that this movie is too busy communicating ominousness and government nonintervention to be charming which Barry Levinson is perfectly able to do.  For something so expertly made, it's not necessarily entertaining and it imparts the heavy heart of a situation that may be happening in real life:&#34;&#8220;I was later told that he did not want to say that Fukushima radioactivity was worse than Chernobyl.&#8221;
I didn't like it. I'm not a fan of musicals. This would be a good show without all of the singing. Just not my cup of tea.
Wow, what a pile of trash this show turned out to be... I guess obnoxious, sexist, chauvinist, offensive, disgusting, neanderthal humor is not my cup of tea, I would call this a guttural deeply embedded teenage boy fantasy goop comedy wannabe. I regret even watching the single episode of this trash. If you like this kind of show, have fun, but be warned it reaches way under the gutter of impropriety for its kicks... you've been warned. The series is rated "M" for mature of audiences... what demographic are these folks pushing for? Definitely not "Mature" that's for sure.
John awakes in a pit with dead people. He was helped out by a mute oriental woman who doesn't understand English. He goes to a house. There are people inside. Everyone in the group has amnesia and a mark on their arm. The house has plenty of food and ammo. Driver licenses let the people know their names, but they remember nothing else.The film doesn't do a great job of dropping clues, but by 55 minutes into the film, you get a better idea what is happening, but it isn't until the end all is revealed.I liked the opening scene. It was slow and effective. I also liked the ending, how it tied things together. The problem I had was the characters. They were not entertaining or memorable. They effectively played the scared hollow headed people they were scripted to be, and that left me getting bored as they strolled through the woods.Makes an okay rental.Parental Guide: F-bomb. No sex or nudity.
THE PARTIES AT the Hamptons are wild - especially at the Graysons. Season One gave us the murder at the engagement party; now we have a character dragged off to rehab at her mother's memorial service, the pregnant mother's swan dive at her baby shower, and the groom's arrest for murder at his wedding. My favorite character, the unpredictable Nolan Ross, played by Gabriel Mann, is dragged through serious trouble throughout the season.It's not looking good for him in Season Three either.Seems creator Mike Kelley and producers Mark B. Perry and Marty Bowen decided to opt out of their "Count of Monte Cristo" revenge motif and embrace the night time soap opera format - and it also seems there are plenty of people who love it once you count the rave reviews on Amazon. For me, it's not as good as Season One, where Emily Thorne (Emily Van Camp) donned her black hoodie and put the hammer down on those who had wronged her father and ruined their lives. I miss those photos, where she would cross off the guilty with a big red "X" after executing a clever payback.Now - surprise! - Emily has a boyfriend, a hunk she met in Master Takeda's school for revenge. There was no mention of this in Season One, but we are dealing with soap opera rules now, like is Amanda's baby Jack's or the result of a one night stand? Two major characters get over-the-top death scenes (where I began to wonder if they would actually die or not. They do.)Cinematography is excellent again, making the most of beautiful Southampton scenery, gorgeous sets and high fashion style. Madeleine Stowe, playing matriarch Victoria Grayson, wears a fantastic Vera Wang gown in the wedding episode; the designer is recognized in the end credits, too. Sound is just fine for this dialogue-driven show; the occasional ambient sound and special effect blends in well.ABC Studios also provides a generous batch of extras for Season Two beginning with three commentaries: executive producers Sunil Nayar and Melissa Loy, and writer/co-executive producer Michael Foley on "Illusion"; executive producer/writer Mark B. Perry, writer/executive story editor Joe Fazzio and actors Nick Wechsler (Jack) and Margarita Levieva (Amanda)on another, and creator/executive producer/writer Mike Kelley and Emily Van Camp on "Truth, Part Two." The one with Kelley and Van Camp hint at spoilers for Season Three, so be on guard.There are three interesting featurettes: "Schooled in Revenge," that gives us a peek at Master Takeda's new students in his martial arts school of vengeance; "The Sound of Revenge," showing how iZLER composes music for the series; and "Haute Hamptons: Dressing Miss Davenport" with costume designer Jill M. Ohanneson again demonstrating how she chooses clothing for the characters, focusing on Ashley Madekwe, who plays Ashley Davenport this time. There are deleted scenes on each disc and the bloopers on Disc 5 are funny again, mostly because it's a treat to see the so-serious Stowe and Henry Czerny (Conrad Grayson) crack upWho knows if the series will return to its thriller format? Once sucked into soap opera, it's hard to get out of it. "Revenge: Season Three" will premiere on Sept. 29 on ABC.-- Kay Reynolds
With so many seasoned actors I thought this might be better. The writing is just not there, and the jokes really seem like classic cliches of the republican party. I like satire, but this seems overblown. Even if Washington did operate this way, it doesn't really work for a comedy.
This is not very interesting unless you have nothing else better to do and are bored out of your mind by other programming. I guess it could be something you'd do on Saturday night with a beer in your hand and a spouse who's snoring in his chair next to you!?!
After a breathtaking, fast-paced Season 1, Season 2 has been a little slow getting going and I have not been as excited as I was with Season 1. I hope it picks up. I think perhaps it is the overemphasis on Paige. She is turning into a rather petulant, difficult teen, and I don't find her parts of the stories as compelling. It reminds me of last season on Homeland. We had another teenage daughter there, who was equally petulant and difficult to deal with, and in my opinion both series have been spending too much time on their fussy teenage daughters. I know the parents are worried about the safety of their children, but I would rather see that playing out in perilous situations rather than focusing on Paige's running off on her own, trying to verify the &#34;aunt's&#34; existence.
Wonderful performances all around in a very original series.  Nothing on network television is going to cover this kind of ground any time soon.  But I'm left with the impression that everyone is going out of their way to make this thing quirky in the extreme and it feels a bit forced.  Almost like they're waving a sign in your face declaring &#34;isn't this just so weird?&#34;Yes, it is weird.  Just not overly compelling.  I asked myself if I would make a real effort to catch ongoing episodes of the series and I can honestly say &#34;probably not.&#34;
While I really enjoy New Girl, it crosses the &#34;too sleazy&#34; line for me fairly often, which is why I stopped paying for the episodes. But if you like Zoey Deschanel and are looking for a raunchy comedy, this might just be for you.
Joss Whedon is beloved because of Firefly.  I liked Firefly a lot, but after seeing seeing more of Joss Whedon's work, I realize what a terrible writer he is.  Whedon writes all his male characters as sexless, affable dimwits "smores are full of marshmallowy goodness" and makes his female characters cliched superheroes.  He goes out of his way to cast men who come off as harmless buffoons or as sexless or mildly effeminate (the doctor from Firefly).  That way the "women" don't get any focus taken off of them.  I put quotes around 'women' because his female characters are usually one dimensional, unlike someone like Starbuck from Battlestar Galactica who actually has some complexity and shows a wide range of emotion.  Add to that the stock sci fi plots and the ridiculously young and attractive actors and you have a female friendly version of JJ Abrams.Agents of SHIELD is the worst thing Whedon has done.  Alluding to my header, in the last episode I saw, the 40 plus year old leader of Shield, Coulson says something like, "I'm about to have a spaz attack."  Coulson is the same affable oaf we are used to seeing with Whedon.  The worst written man on Game of Thrones is better than the best male character Whedon ever wrote.All the obsession about levels and getting into SHIELD reminds me of the dorkyness of Star Trek.  There's a scene where 20 FBI agents surrounded the unarmed black ops SHIELD guy who, of course escaped unscathed.  That's because he's level 8 which means a +10 dexterity and 50 percent chance for a critical miss.  At level 9 he could have done the same thing blindfolded.I saw three episodes of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, shocked that actual adults love it to this day.  It's so poorly written, acted, the stunt doubles are so noticeable, and the vampires look like they're wearing Halloween masks.  It's cosmically bad.  Did I say 'bad'?  I meant 'postmodern.'  Why do so many experts say how brilliant this guy is?I wrote this review after seeing an interview with Joss Whedon.  People's reverence for this gentle tool, who is probably only capable of one or two serious erections a month, really annoys me.  I hate it when people don't recognize when something is banal (Once Upon a Time) because I'm sick of only having three shows to watch:  Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, and Orphan Black.edit:  The last episode I watched involved the black ops guy having to survive alone in the woods with a dog.  I am aware of Nazi SS training techniques, so I knew what was coming.  I fast forwarded through the episode, and sure enough I was right.  If you are gonna make a cheesy and cornball series, you shouldn't have such dark and unpleasant moments that don't fit with the mood of the series.  I wish people shared my taste, but judging by other reviews, I think I'm doomed to half a dozen quality shows a decade.
This was pretty funny, it had an interesting storyline, and likable characters. I'd like to see when they take it from here.
The pilot did not capture me and the following episodes were equally dismal.  There is an attempt to bring a lot of anger and sexuality to serious issues....shouldn't we be trying to remove the anger, and leave the sexuality to our personal life?
In 1972, Linda Boreman, better known to the world by her stage name, Linda Lovelace, took the adult film industry by storm as the first adult film actress to hit the mainstream.  Even though she only spent 17 days in the industry, she still became an overnight sensation, earning so much attention that she also appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.  However, her most notable contributions came long after her career was over, writing several best-selling autobiographies, including Out of Bondage and Ordeal - both chronicling her life and the events leading up to her brief adult film career.  In the years that followed her brief stint, she become a spokesperson for the anti-pornography movement, and traveled across the United States giving lectures, speaking out against pornography and spousal abuse.  The events of her life are the bases for the new bio-picture, Lovelace.Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman, the writers and directors of the bio-picture, Howl, both write and direct Lovelace, starring Amanda Seyfried as Linda Lovelace.  Based on a true story, the film begins with Linda living at home with her parents, Dorothy (Sharon Stone) and John (Robert Patrick).  Still a young and impressionable woman, Linda meets Chuck Traynor (Peter Sarsgaard), a bar owner deep in debt that she eventually marries, and whom also persuades her to start a career in the profitable adult film industry.  After her adult film debut becomes a massive success, she decides she wants nothing to do with the pornography industry, as this film depicts the events that took place before, during and after the release of one of the highest-grossing pornographic films of all-time.  Juno Temple, Adam Brody, James Franco, and Hank Azaria also star in supporting roles.There's no doubt the story of Linda Lovelace is a series sad and unsettling events - assuming things went as depicted in her books and in this film.  However, this film tells a story that paints Linda Lovelace as a completely innocent bystander, which is difficult to believe and even harder to relate to.  At no point over the course of this film will viewers look at the main character of this film and believe for one second that she was forced into a life of (apparent) sexual slavery.  There have been plenty of individuals and news stories over the years that have disputed Linda's version of these events, painting her as anything but a tragic figure.  Clearly, it's difficult to conceive that she was completely unwilling to partake in the events that thrust her into the spotlight.  While this information may not have anything to do with this film, it does share a great deal of intel about the person writers and directors Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman wanted Linda Lovelace to be portrayed as over the course of this film.Outside of the questionable events, Lovelace is a quality bio-picture, which manages to tell an interesting story about a young woman that received an abnormal amount of attention.  Amanda Seyfried's performance as Linda Lovelace is above average, yet severely lacks the emotion of someone that is supposedly being forced to do something against her will.  The evolution of this character is apparently in the cracks as this film jumps from year to year on a whim.  Lovelace's first husband, Chuck Traynor, is captured as a much more believable and emotional figure than Lovelace herself.  Traynor, portrayed by Peter Sarsgaard, is a far more interesting character, filled with anger, rage, and greed.  Although his actions are deplorable in this film, he was clearly in-touch with the adult film industry, managing Lovelace and later Marilyn Chambers - who many call the second biggest porn star of the period.Lovelace features an ensemble cast, most notably Sharon Stone as Linda Lovelace's mother, Dorothy.  Stone is basically impossible to recognize (unless you already knew it was her) as the strict, unforgiving mother that could have easily helped Linda, yet decided to turn her back.  Other noteworthy performances come from James Franco, who makes a brief appearance as Hugh Hefner.  The Playboy mogul also apparently had a pulse on the adult film industry, and quickly took a liking to Linda Lovelace and eventually had her posing for his magazine.  And, while the cast is rounded out by a handful of familiar faces, including Robert Patrick, Juno Temple, and Hank Azaria, the most amusing and entertaining portrayal of this group comes from the former star of The O.C., Adam Brody - who does his best impression of the fructuous adult film performer, Harry Reems.Overall, Lovelace manages to pull-off a believable 70s flick, reminiscent of a films, including Boogie Nights and 54.  Like much of that era, Lovelace incorporates the "sexual revolution," mixed with drugs and individual exploration.  Unfortunately, bio-picture films have a way of telling a one-sided depiction of real life events, and while Linda Lovelace did make a career of speaking out against the adult film industry, she was a willing partaker in her 17 days of poor decision-making.  The odds of most movie-goers finding any sort of enjoyable substance in this film is negligible, meaning this film will hardly garner anyone's attention - outside of current porn stars and people familiar with Linda Lovelace.  Yes, the acting is enjoyable to an extent.  However, the story is not.  Odds are this film will turn out to be nothing more than a desperate rental for a small few, while its potential for being a future (and severely edited) Lifetime flick is great.GRADE:  C+FNDNreview.com
The lead is a depressed bore and the other characters are stiff and cliche. The LA setting is done well but that is about it
We had such high hopes for the series, it became clear after a point that the writing like a lifetime movie. Some scandal and a few interesting situations but most of it lifetime movie. The actors can only do so much with the bad script,a few of the main characters are so self-sacrificing that it a bore. Still not sure what happen tot he grandmother. Watched many British series I recommend London Hospital, Downton Abby, Call the Midwife, He knew he was right, Upstairs Downstairs (1970's version) better written much more entertaining.
It's rare for me to turn off a program before it concludes, but I couldn't make it through the very disappointing pilot. The premise is clever, but the execution is definitely not targeted to my demographic. I want to believe that no self-respecting audience would watch a bunch of supposedly clever adults drop F-bombs in every other sentence.
THis is not a story like Downton Abbey, but more of a behind the scenes look at how you run a manor.  It's ok if you want the behind the scenes look at such things, but this is not really a story line itself.
Liked the show but was expecting a little more.hope next season has more to offer.Will give it one more try.
I'm from L.A. and we got over Jewish humor a long, long time ago. SPOILERS: Dad is a cross dresser? Boring. Daughter is a closet lesbian? Ho, hum. Youngest daughter wants to get spanked by the big black personal trainer? Wow, that took guts to actually put that depth of stereotype on the screen. Too much nudity for no reason. Not a single character portrays anything close to sympathetic. Neurotic Jewishness is a stereotypical theme which has seen its moment and then we all grew up. I also thought the cleverly (not!) tossed in WWII (Krystal Nacht, for example) references in poor taste.
I like it it's not as funny as i thought but it's still good it's one of those shows that will progress as it goes on and funnier episodes will follow
Ichabod Crane wakes in modern day America to deal with the devil...Only once or twice does the main character question things to which he is exposed which would root an average person to the spot gazing in wonder. Does nothing to challenge the viewer to become empathetic with any the characters.Just doesn't do it for me. Piling on more bizarre villains and even less credible special effects makes this a serial video game for the less inquisitive mind. Poorly written and plotted.
This is not a horror movie but documentary. For some reason if I remember it correctly, this was previously categorized as a horror movie. But right now Amazon changed it. Not clear though since I watched this on my Roku.Pretty much an interview with one of the involved individual in the incident.
Don't waste your time on this movie. The first 40 minutes of it is about stupid kids and their crappy life, parties and other B.S. The rest of it (until the titles start rolling) is based on a very bad plot, with unlikable actors, and average special effects made with nowadays available for everybody, programs. The after titles last minute of the movie was without any scare or whatsoever. Don't believe what the trailer or the cover says. It is NOT! twice as scary as the first movie. It is far worse! I was bored through all of it! Stupid, pathetic, shameless movie! That is all I have to say. Nice attempt to make money! Now I would like to get payed for watching this garbage!
Thylacinus cynocephalus aka Tasmanian tiger went extinct in Aussie land, Tasmania and NZ in the early 1900s and despite rewards of millions up until quite recently, there have been only a few unconfirmed sightings.This movie is taken from a novel by the same name. Unfortunately, the characterizations seemed like someone decided to toss a bunch of popular stereotypes into a bag, give it a good toss, and see what story comes out of it.The stereotypic loner assassin with high tech sniper rifle is hired by the usual big bucks pharmaceutical company to kill off the last Thylacinus but not before getting blood and tissue samples so said company can be the sole maker of a resulting super drug. Not believable.Stereotype of "greenies" protecting old growth forests against the loggers. Pointless subplot.Stereotype of townspeople in bar showing in your face distrust of a foreigner, in this case the assassin. Not believable.One of the townspeople happens, coincidentally, to have a similar sniper rifle and tries to kill the assassin. Also not believable.Assassin lodges in the home of a researcher, who has gone missing for months. Home is occupied by a depressed wife who can't get out of bed for months while her two very young children take care of everything. Not believable and another plot digression.Sam Neill plays a part time guide along with other roles in the movie that just seemed contrived. Pointless subplot.No flow to the storyline, just a bunch of cutout stereotypes. The only acting worth noting was by Morgana Davies whose naturalness made her character believable. Similar to her performance in "The Tree". So far she's hasn't been influenced by the "Rubber Stamp Acting School" or become a perennial stuck-in-a-rut actor.
I have to say I am real disappointed in this series I loved all the stuff Joss Whedon has done especially firefly! but this is to hokey, the writing is poor and the acting mediocre at best except for Agent Coulson's character. I can see this getting canceled soon
This movie was *supposed* to be a flat out comedy, bordering on horror parody. However, too much of the movie is played straight and most of it feels somewhat realistic (paranormal stuff aside). The two main characters, Sergio and Brad, are similar to Harold and Kumar: one straight-laced and somewhat intelligent and the other constantly-horny and macho. The whole movie is done in the &#34;Found Footage&#34; format, like Paranormal Activity or Cloverfield, so it feels like a documentary. More like a real one than a &#34;mockumentary&#34; because most everything is played straight, up until the climax.The two main characters discover that the house they live in and share with a hot-headed recovering alcoholic had a famous prostitute named Lady Azalea murdered in it. A super-hot girl they meet at a party, Fernanda, is really into ghosts and the paranormal, so they film a documentary chronicling Lady Azalea's murder and subsequent haunting of their home. Their friend Becky, also joins along and they become &#34;Ghost Team One&#34; (because simply &#34;Ghost Team&#34; sounds gay.)Most of the rest of the movie is played somewhat straight and mirrors Paranormal Activity and The Exorcist for the most part. &#34;Mirrors&#34; because it does not parody (or if it does, then not very well) or play it up for laughs or comedy. Sergio is in love with Fernanda, their paranormal expert, and Brad just wants to sleep with her, even though he already has a FWB in Becky, the other female lead in this movie. Things eventually escalate and because Lady Azalea was a prostitute, they discover that lust draws her out, and Fernanda uses this to take advantage of Sergio and Brad's feelings, even going so far as finding the idea of sleeping with a ghost &#34;sexy.&#34; Of course, the guys don't take this well, and Lady Azalea soon starts to possess and control hot-headed Chuck, the third housemate.This leads up to the Exorcist-like climax, which is really the only &#34;funny&#34; scene in the entire movie. The only part that lets you CLEARLY know this is a comedy. Whether you like the other 75 minutes of the movie is up to you. As a comedy, its pretty boring. But as just a movie with no assigned genre, it's... a LITTLE boring. But not much. It almost works like a dramatic horror-comedy, but about 70% horror, 20% drama, and only 10% comedy. Whether that bothers or annoys you as a movie which is supposed to be a horror spoof is up to you.In the end, the movie was watchable. Sergio is likable, Brad plays the horny, sex-obsessed macho stereotype well, and Fernanda is an alluring mix of sexiness, lovableness, a little bit of crazy. She's the type of girl in a movie you first want to sleep with, because her body looks like an adult film star's (quite literally, she's no lower than a 9 out of 10), but then want to date because her personality is fun, kind, and funny. Her character is one of those Natalie Portman or Mila Kunis type of characters that make you love her and see beyond her attractiveness, which honestly helps make the movie MUCH more enjoyable. Not sure if it'd be watchable without the Mexican-born veteran actress Fernanda Romero.The exorcism climax is so bizarre and over-the-top, it doesn't seem to fit at all with the rest of the psuedo-realistic, psuedo-straight-horror feel of the movie. It goes from being a &#34;horror satire&#34; to Scary Movie, or A Haunted House. I say, if you can watch it for free or while you're doing something else, like cleaning or cooking, it's worth checking out. I'm not sure if its worth paying for though, because if you're expecting a straight-up comedy or horror parody, you'll probably be disappointing and find the movie very boring. However, it works as a horror satire. Its somewhat serious, a little silly (excluding the exorcism scene, which goes way over-the-top and cartoonish), has a decent enough pace to it (with the subplot of who will get to date the girl) and Fernanda shines in the movie as the breakout star. Looking forward to seeing more of Miss Romero in the future!But yeah. Pretty boring for a comedy, but still watchable if you don't go in expecting lots of laughs or thinking of this as such.
This was so incredibly annoying that I couldn't stand to keep watching. The singing was mediocre (I'm being nice), the lyrics were lame, and it was boring.
Slowly but surely the soap opera infiltrated the show and less and less mystery. I hope season 4 is not all washed up.
I was really excited about this series when it first started, but it's become rather lame and campy throughout the season.  I think it's trying too hard.  I'm glad I saw this season, but I'll not be buying any further seasons.
TWO LOVERS is an intimate film that requires that the viewer can identify with or at least care about the characters it depicts.  Otherwise this is a pretty dark film with few moments of light to redeem the rather depressing story.  It is a verismo style contemporary tale of choices made by vulnerable and rather weak people living life in a closed world.Brighton Beach, Brooklyn is the shadowing decaying setting where we first meet Leonard (Joaquin Phoenix) making a delivery for his father's dry cleaning business, deciding instead to jump off a bridge in suicidal dejection: Leonard is a lost soul, bipolar to boot, a wannabe photographer who has just been crushed by the end of a relationship (both partners decide that marriage won't work because they both carry the gene for Tay-Sachs disease, a fact that would prevent their having healthy children).  Salvaged by passersby, Leonard proceeds to his parent's (Isabella Rossellini and Moni Monoshov) apartment, the setting for a careful preparation of Leonard for taking over the family business.  A potential buyer has a daughter Sandra (Vanessa Shaw) and  the plan is to have Leonard marry into the new family for business reasons.  At the same time Leonard meets Michelle (Gwyneth Paltrow), a young woman caught up in the throes of an affair with a married man.  Leonard must decide between the beautiful Michelle and the available Sandra and the film deals with all the problems of this critical moment in the life of Leonard who is ill-equipped to make any semblance of reasonable decisions.Many viewers will want to endure this dreary love story simply to see the 'last film' of Joaquin Phoenix, and while the performances are uniformly good, the story itself is the problem.  Life is bumpy, yes, but there are usually occasional moments of light to relieve the tension.  Grady Harp, July 09
It's the UK version, the UK cast, the silliness over the last Stig appears to be over as well as the law suit around the Tesla seems to have finished.First few episodes were up to the previous seasons and enjoyable.Trip to &#34;find the start of the nile&#34;, 2 part special....  Well, they focus on that to the exclusion of all the standard parts of the show that I like (news, celebrity run around the track, yada yada), and I've dinged them for that.Still subscribing at this point, but if the next episode doesn't get better, going to drop it.It becomes hard to pay money when you realize that if you wait a year or so you can see the thing for free on Netflix and probably Amazon as well.The series itself I highly recommend, but go the netflix route.  The episodes are fun to watch but rewatchability, meh.
This pilot is pretty good. It made me laugh a couple of times, and I like the premise. I will say however, that while I certainly didn't dislike it, I much prefer some of the other pilots up for grabs. We have so many half hour comedies on our screens, and I would hate to see this take the spot of transparent or Mozart in the jungle.
It's a common fact that a polieman will win everytime in court on a one on one situration because no one else is there. This is nothing new. It would be stupid for a person to reach for his pocket when a man has a gun pointing at him. Bosch said that the man wasn't unarmed but the show failed to show us any weapons. Bosch should have left his partner with the bone scence in the woods and found something else to do and got the run-down on things later. This show needs to be speeded up a little. Good luck.
This is an alright way to pass an hour with a light comedic character and no great mystery.  I did not find itall that interesting.
The first 2 hour show was exciting which prompted the making of season 1 but then it got silly and boring toward the end.
Star Crossed, which airs on CW, is a sci-fi series set in future Earth.Aliens land on Earth causing confusion and pandemonium. Turns out the &#34;Atrians&#34; crashed and humans believed they were being invaded. In fear and panic the Atrians were quarantined. Some were taken by officials for questioning and testing. Now they have begun an integration program. They start with inserting a few Atrian teens into the local school.The romance between a human girl and an Atrian boy are described by some other sources and sites as &#34;epic.&#34; I have not found that to be the case. This part of the plot seems very, very already done. Boy meets girl. Girl is forbidden to see said boy. Girl and boy take on the world with heart break, devastation and drama in their wake. This is why I gave it 3 stars.The story has such potential if the writers would step away from the repeat button. Sci-Fi is big right now and the alien thing has not been done as much as other types of the genre. It feels like they are taking the same old story and changing a few details and the scenery.
I've watched 3 episodes and can feel some of the storylines a mile away.  Just wait until they reveal that the young FBI agent is a follower. Couldn't see that one coming.This is just more romanticizing death and gore, elevating the serial killer as a genius.  I can't imagine a plot twist that would be engaging enough to "follow" this program through 12 more episodes.Even the marvelous Kevin Bacon can't save the show. I wish he could because it's been too long since we've seen him on the screen.  This role is too one dimensional for him.  There's no emotional rangei in the role.  All he gets to do is grimace his way through the episodes as the tortured hero. Snore.
deff funnier ones out there, but if you're bored and in the mood, go for it... it's not that bad...
My issue with this series and for the &#34;Onion News&#34; in general is that they believe that crass humor is the way to go in their fake reporting. While people do seem to like some of this I do not. I find it offensive for the most part. When a company thinks it is okay to attack a young child that is up for an Oscar you start to question their taste level. This show made me question it further. What could have been a rather interesting &#34;News Show&#34; pilot falls flat because of its attachment to the Onion News. I enjoy the actors in other shows and even enjoyed the introduction of the segment producer that I hadn't seen anywhere else to date, but this is not the show for them to find their next move in the business because simply put it is a horrible show about horrible people. There was simply nothing redeeming for this show because of how crude and crass it decided to be.
Some great moments of action, good use of modern gore-splatter...almost feels like a horror flick in some instances...kinda NASTY!  But....way to slow. It looks and feels like it might have been shot in Canada, but the IMDB.COM site says it was filmed in GA (the US state, not the country), CA, NY, and CT. Twenty-two different shooting locations. Maybe that is why the flick was slow, boring, and somewhat disconnected at times. The writing and acting, as others point out, kinda sucks. This is NO Terminator! Here is some financial stats, per IMDB.COM, that might help you decide:Box OfficeBudget:$35,000,000 (estimated)  ON THE LOW SIDE!!Opening Weekend:$5,272,444 (USA) (28 March 2014) WOW!  VERY LOW RECOUP RATE!Gross:$10,499,968 (USA) (9 May 2014) STILL GOING NOWHERE FAST!!!!!Being a big Arnold fan, this was somewhat disappointing. It is not a feel-good movie. In fact, without spoiling it, I found it very disturbing. When it ended, I felt anxious, and regretted renting it.
I understand that "iCarly" is a wildly popular television series, so because of my negative criticism of its quality I will probably wind up receiving a number of negative votes from customers. But, as we start, I just would like to politely ask you to please read my full review first before deciding whether or not my critique was unhelpful.When this program first started, albeit it did generate a few chuckles (and at one point it left me laughing hysterically), for the most part I was not highly amused by it, and seeing as this is usually my sense of humor, I was confused as to why I simply did not find most of this entertaining. But as the years have passed by, I realized exactly why I was not amused: because it can be so amazingly hokey that it is a wonder as to why it grew to be so popular.And I realize that hearing about it may SOUND funny, and hearing about a few comedic elements featured in the series make it seem interesting, but to provide you with an example of what "iCarly" truly is like, I would like to ask you to think back to a moment where you tried a new food for the first time that you figured you would fall in love with or assumed would taste delicious, based on the fact that it looked delicious or that many people had described it to you as such before. Then when you actually sampled the dish for the first time, you found it so disgusting and foul that you couldn't bear another spoonful of it, or, at first, you enjoyed it and kept going at it, but, little by little, you slowly and gradually started to realize how nasty it truly tasted and couldn't handle it anymore. Or, maybe you just wanted to like it so badly that you had actually managed to convince yourself that you did, when in fact you did not at all or barely did. That is what "iCarly" feels like.Right away, someone may not realize the cheesy qualities of a majority of the jokes featured in this series. But, if you watch a few episodes and really focus on the little bits and pieces of dialogue and their content, you will slowly start to realize how corny it really is. Not to mention that the titular character possesses a few Mary Suish qualities; she is pretty, sweet, "funny" (or so the program labels her as) and normally does what is right, albeit she is still prone to a few bratty moments. Not to mention that she is the object of multiple infatuations amongst boys and gets good grades, and she lives a teeny-bopper's dream life; raised by an eccentric (but annoyingly childish and dimwitted) older brother who is noteworthy for crafting the most idiotic art projects imaginable (a Christmas tree decorated with fake noses instead of ornaments, for example), grouchy, ill-tempered teachers who are so mean and furious and over-exaggerated that they can seem stupid at times, and so many over-the-top, unrealistic situation comedy storylines. There is constant shipping amongst characters ("Team Edward"/"Team Jacob"-type shipping) and the problem is that the main characters almost NEVER LOSE. I can remember at one point where they did, but that is just about it, unless you count the episodes where everyone loses but everything somehow manages to turn out sunshine and rainbows anyway. Carly always manages to come out on top at the end, never comically losing, really, of course everyone loves what she does and she always winds up winning, everything turns out right. I once heard a reviewer comment that the program serves as an escape for children from reality. Yeah, it does, for spoiled teeny-boppers who think that the world revolves around them. "iCarly" would not last a day if we were living in a world of children's television of higher quality, mark my words. A lot of times, it's so corny it sounds an awful like the deliberately-horrible attempts at making a cheesy situation comedy you may find people watching on other shows and being bored by. NICKELODEON IS SLOWLY EVOLVING INTO THE DISNEY CHANNEL! EVERYBODY RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!!
Spoiler alert - Kellen Lutz is acting. Well, trying to act. You can tell because he has dyed his hair black. This is a signal to us to take him seriously.  You know a movie is bad when all you can really remember is how dreadfully bad a "flat black shoe polish" dye job was. Lutz is so bad, so painfully bad, you feel sorry for the guy.Another very disturbing component of this movie is Micky Roarke.Mickey Roarke continues to coast along on past glory. His "cat woman" plastic surgery is so disturbingly unnatural that you can never fully concentrate on his character. I kept wondering if he was still alive, or just a very badly made wax figure.Don't waste your time on this movie. If the actors and production crew didn't take it seriously, then neither should you.
I remember when this show firsts started airing. 3 guys with their camera's went out alone to try to find evidence of paranormal activity. Usually the first 30 minutes of the show would be them getting a back history on the place and the new 20-25 minutes of them doing the actual investigation, and then the last 5-10 minutes of them reviewing what they caught and following up with people. I watched the show off and on over the years but the later season seems pretty different. It's not just them alone going into places anymore they have people that review the footage, and the dialogue the crew says sometimes just seems so scripted. Actually in this episode Zak seems like he's acting. Way different than the enthusiasm the group kind of showed in earlier episodes when going into places and the unscripted dialogue and them genuinely being surprised. Maybe by now they've been enough places and experienced enough activity that things don't interest them the same as they did before. Zak actually seems kind of strange now and the rest of the group seems pretty worn down. Makes you wonder where Television Entertainment and Reality Split. Has the experiences they've had over the years effected them personally and changed them or is it just an act for the show. Who knows... either way I like the Ghost Adventurers the show was always cool to me but like everything that gets popular it changes and stops being interesting after a while. The 100th episode was mostly them sitting in the exorcist room using the same gadgets from every other episode and getting the same results. A few evp's something strange happens to the equipment, I've got goosebumps, yadda yadda. I really miss the old show where they had the "LOCK DOWNS" and stayed in a place allnight. Do they still do that? because they didn't do that in this episode?
One of those shows you can watch and leave and when you return you didn't miss anything. just a time killing show.
Although the premise isn't one I would normally watch, I have to say the last scene had me hooked. I wanted to know what happened in the next five minutes. That being said, I don't know that i could watch an entire season of this. The characters yelled at each other or talked over each other too much for the dialog to be enjoyable.
I am a fan of British comedies & Dawn/Saunders productions. This cast includes too many big name English actresses to count. BUT: it was too annoying to continue watching past a few minutes.  I couldn't believe it, there were several of my favorite English actresses assembled with a potentially clever premise & they were irritating the heck out of me. I can appreciate the desire to capitalize on the small English village eccentrics angle but not to the point of being gross or making fun of physical or mental disabilities. Maybe it's my own Texan sensitivities. I'll just rewatch &#34;Calendar Girls&#34; for this genre.
This series starts off pretty good and grabs your interest. However, the story loses steam about mid way through. I would not recommend it unless you can stand to seat through the story going south long enough for it to get interesting again!
The content in the show is really interesting, but the audio is very low and the accent of Hannibal's character is so strong that it's hard to understand what he's saying a lot of the time.  Don't watch if you have a queasy stomach!
When are us lowly  underlings  SD people going to get to watch these Prime originals.You  know the 65.00 we that we paid on our yearly fee to watch these shows.It says ALSO IN STANDARD DEFINITION,But it's not !!!!!!!I called about the problem  at the beginning of February, and the rep said, should have that  ready for you in a couple of days,..Come on Amazon ??????,..DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT !!!!Some of us think HD is crap !
I am disappointed because this was the last episode and now it has been cancelled.
Despite the superb acting this movie just did not cut it.Here are some of my random thoughts after watching it.Is it just me or is that the most miserable and unhappy town in America?Midway through the movie I was ready to stick my head into one of those toxic drums.The fact that a warehouse full of deadly toxic waste was being guarded by a couple of beer drinking Mexicans in lawn chairs was laughable.The scene where Auntie was suddenly overjoyed to move out of the only house she ever lived in was a mystery in itself.The weirdest part of the movie though, was when the toxic waste boss suddenly realizes that toxic waste is.......toxic.At the end when the guy announces he was quitting, Auntie is overjoyed to be moving out and everyone is in love, I was expecting a giant Wizard of Oz rainbow to be there when she opened the door and announced "What a beautiful day!"
&#34;Almost Human&#34; is shorter than &#34;Cloverfield&#34; and has around an 8-minute end credit sequence solely to be long enough to be entered into the festival circuit. This may make it seem like the sci-fi horror film is rushed along, but its fast pace is actually fairly comfortable and it fits the film very well. The film draws influences from some of the most respectable cult classics. The opening credits and the film mostly taking place in the middle of the woods gives it a &#34;Friday the 13th&#34; atmosphere while the music seems like the forgotten score John Carpenter never released. As the film progresses, you're immediately reminded of &#34;The Thing&#34; and &#34;Halloween&#34; during the final act. The violent, murderous rampage also has some better than decent yet not quite great gore thanks to its practical makeup effects.It's difficult to root for Seth though because he's so twitchy. While Jen seems to have forgotten everything that happened the night Mark disappeared, Seth just wants to wake her up to the nightmarish sights and sounds he does remember. He isn't heroic and he doesn't want to save anyone. He just wants his life to go back to normal after Jen told the media that he was behind everything and it ruined his life. In other words, Seth only cares about himself.There's this entire sequence where Seth doesn't seem to understand anything anyone is telling him. He mutters the phrase, &#34;What's that supposed to mean,&#34; several times in less than five minutes. Mark always seems to ask questions without giving anyone a chance to actually answer. He asks a man cutting firewood why he's living in his house before blasting him with a shotgun and thrusting a hatchet into the back of his skull before the poor guy can give an actual answer. Seth is trying to load a rifle while Jen is in trouble. He&#8217;s rushed and in a panic, but can&#8217;t seem to get any of the shells into the actual gun. So he just throws the entire supply on the floor. While the film has several positive influences, the other influences aren't so great. &#34;Jason Goes to Hell&#34; is passable since the acting in that sequel is some of the best in the &#34;Friday the 13th&#34; series, but &#34;Almost Human&#34; is a lot like &#34;Dreamcatcher&#34; at the end of the day and that's something no film should try to ride the coattails of.&#34;Almost Human&#34; would be a decent first film for anyone, but its abrupt ending and familiarities hurt it more than anything else. Nothing is really explained by the end of the film and you're left wondering why aliens have a thing about turning our televisions on, making prank calls, turning the lights on and off, and possess impregnating elongated mouth funnels. While &#34;Almost Human&#34; pays homage to some truly great horror and sci-fi films of the past, it fails to really personify its own identity and it crumbles under the weight of paying too much homage without building its own foundation.
Good acting; believable characters who struggle to do the right think.  That is the kind of drama I enjoy.  The writing is excellent and the casting superb; the characters likeable.
W. Dafoe is surrounded by a bunch of no good antisocial idiots up in the mountains. Not sure why everybody hates him. He is coming to hunt something. Not sure what and why.He arrives in a house with kids where the mom is depressed because her husband has disappeared. He quickly connects with the kids. Not sure what is he doing there and what is the point. Sam Neil's role is still not clear to me. Towards the middle of the movie we know what is he doing up there. Doesn't make any sense scientifically. Not sure how the genetic material will help and for what disease. The whole thing is weird and disconnected.The ending is surprising, not predictable but totally stupid. I still didn't get the message...if there is any!Very poorly done. Expected better from the cast. Two stars just for the acting.
The program just does not have the spark it did last season.  Two major changes are big big mistakes.  The new cast replacement for the oldest daughter was NOT a good idea.  Nor was the decision to make her caustic.  And finally, there is just no excuse for the frequency with which we have to bear the grandson's father.
This season like all the rest is just great.  Only problem is that Amazon is late when it comes to making episodes available.  This is often true with SyFy shows, that we have to wait two or more days.  Fortunately, they can be found elsewhee.
after selecting the season pass, I now know that Amazon just messed with me.  There's no point in getting a season pass unless the 10 cents per episode really means that much to you. If you DO NOT get the season pass, then you can see the episodes you want the day after they air; if not, then you need to wait 2 days (or deep into the night, since it's now more than 25 hours after airing and I still don't have access to Red Menace on Amazon) to see a given show.  The season pass thing sucks big time.  It's fine for saving you a buck, but not worth the grief of having to wait and wait and wait for the next episode in a series.  They're just jerks.  Ignore Amazon. Buy it or just get cable and use xFinity on demand to see it when you want to =&#62; literally a day after (not 24 hours).  You have to put up with commercials, but it's better than not having access at all.
I liked the story about the tree. The strange happenings were creepy and even though I expected some supernatural outcome the ending was feasible.
This is one of those rare movies that I knew nothing about going in and frankly not much coming out.  The film opens with a sinister stranger named Richie (a scene chewing Samuel L. Jackson) knocking on the door of suburbanite John Fleton (Luke Wilson), despondent over the loss of his job.  It seems Richie has car trouble as asks John for a push.  One nit to pick is that Richie's GTO appears to have an automatic transmission, so there is no clutch to "pop."  I digress.Somehow, Richie gets John to go with him after John's leg is injured.  This might be something expected in some teen horror movie but what kind of idiot is middle aged John?  Now I'm still trying to figure out if this is some dark comedy, a horror film or just a by-the-numbers psycho-thriller.  Richie and John travel the area, with several diversions by Richie that result in numerous deaths including at least one kid.  John's wife Joanie (Leslie Bibb) becomes involved after the murders are linked to her morose husband.  One of the police detectives raises the issue of life insurance which of course, throws a possible murder-for-hire scheme into the mix.  Ultimately we don't get many answers in this poorly written disjointed mess.
Its another one of those series that you get attached to the character but not so much to the plot that you rush to watch the next episode.
The show is massively scripted. I'm sure it has been all along to some degree but this season is obviously so and in such a way as to make it predictable and less enjoyable. If the show would focus on Abby, the girls, and the dancing, it would be a much better and worthwhile show to watch. The best moments are always about the process and eventual outcome of the dance training.
Stephen Amell seems like he'd be a good guy to have a beer with, but he doesn't project much of anything else on the screen. No anger, no outrage, no affection, no enthusiasm, just "I'm a nice guy". That's still leagues better than what everyone projects, which is angst and fecklessness. It's hard to care about any of them.A few of the story lines are pretty good, others rather stupid, even if you accept the premise of a comic book world. The screen writers apparently feel a need to end each episode with a syrupy moral lesson, each of which is forgotten by the start of the next show; it wouldn't do to have the characters change and grow.I'd be surprised if the series lasted more than the first season.
Makes me look foreword to season 2.  Lots of questions left unanswered.  Intriguing idea. Stories are always done betterwhen the original author gets involved.
stupid show.
When I first became aware that "Bates Motel" was coming to A&E;, I was fascinated (as a huge fan of Alfred Hitchcock's "Psycho") to see what direction the show would take the Bates characters.  Unfortunately, there is too little of that juicy dramatic material in this show (at least so far) and far too much "stand-alone" stuff that just isn't interesting enough to hold my interest.For a basic plot summary, the show sees Norma Bates (Vera Farmiga) and her two sons Norman (Freddie Highmore) & Dylan (Max Theriot) trying to start a new life after the death of Mr. Bates by opening a motel in a small-town community.  What they don't know, however, is that the town has more mysterious within it than those already bubbling to the surface of the crazy Bates family itself!The trouble with this show is that it could almost be considered false advertising for fans like me (e.g. those watching for the nods to "Psycho" continuity).  The series is 75% focused on original dramatic plotlines with only 25% on the real "meat" of the mother-son relationship that really should fuel the story.  Basically, every episode would leave me mostly disappointed (and not raring to watch the next, by any means) but also with a nugget or two of really good canon material.On the one main positive note, the acting in this show is excellent.  Farmiga is chilling as Mrs. Bates, while one could easily see Highmore turning into a picture-perfect Anthony Perkins Norman.Of course, that is just one man's opinion.  I have a brother who also watches the show (he has never seen Psycho) and he loves the original plots.  So, perhaps it really in this case does depend on why exactly you are sitting down to watch the show in the first place.  If you just want another mini-series type drama, it might be okay for you.  But if, like me, you have high expectations of the showing becoming true "Psycho canon" material, then you'll likely be disappointed (I actually consider the events of "Psycho IV" to be just as, if not more, interesting than this show so far in terms of explaining the backstory of Norman Bates).I'll probably be back for the Second Season of this show, but it will be grudgingly and with a short leash.  If it continues to only tease and tease with very little "payout", I don't think I could give it an entire season to play out again.
THE MOTH DIARIES looks nice, creating Gothic atmosphere in a modern setting.  Ultimately, though, it's a hollow and uninspired film.  Is Ernessa a true vampire or does Rebecca create her fears to eradicate herself over guilt she feels from her father's tragic death?  The movie's failure to support either scenario results in an uneven film resulting in a disappointing conclusion.The cast does well, but the romantic subplot with Rebecca and the handsome professor has no real impact on the film.  MOTH DIARIES is another example of style over substance.
Just not that interesting.  Too many depressing story lines.  I usually Jeffery Tambor but this was not his best work.  The is worst of the &#34;pilots&#34; I have seen so far.
Pretentious. This movie tries so hard to be intense, brooding & deep but fails to deliver. No wonder it went straight to DVD. It would have bombed in general release.  Such a disappointment. Don't waste your time or money on this snooze fest.
I ordered this before I realized it is a video comic. I am not a fan of video/digital comics and this is the reason for the low rating.  I did not finish watching it when I realized what it is.
while we enjoyed most episodes, we think  that the shows producers are too focused on the subject of &#34;poo&#34;  it must be dealt with but i see no reason to have it in 3 or 4 episodes.Highly unhappy with the episode 12 &#34; Predators and  prey &#34; we paid 1.99 for a show that was mostly clips from previous shows.do not plan to purchase any more because of these two issues.
Ti West's The Innkeepers (2011) spends most of its time in a small inn, immersing you in a strange reality where the emphasis is on the paranormal.  This slow burn is mostly atmospheric, as not a great deal seems to happen, but if you stick with it, you may be in a receptive frame of mind, for the unsettling conclusion.With a somewhat notorious history, the Yankee Pedlar Inn is about to close.  The establishment is supposedly haunted by the ghost of Madeline O'Malley, a woman who killed herself in the inn, after being abandoned by her husband.  While the owner is away, employees Luke (Pat Healy) and Claire (Sara Paxton) make up the entire staff for the last few days.  With not much to do, these ghost hunter wannabes pass their time looking for evidence of Madeline's presence.  The inn is nearly empty, with actress turned medium Leanne Rease-Jones (Kelly McGillis), being one of the final guests.Claire is the more active ghost hunter, and she confides in Rease-Jones after a spooked Luke flees from the inn.  With some psychic ability, Leanne is able to offer some assistance, as she and Claire venture into the basement, where the ghost is supposed to dwell.  Leanne advises Claire that they need to leave immediately.  Claire attempts to clear out the last of the guests, but discovers that he has already checked out.  Back in the lobby, she finds that Luke has returned, but Leanne is now absent.  The end is near, but will they all survive?The Innkeepers moves at a leisurely pace.  Claire and Luke have so little to do, that even providing fresh towels is a major undertaking.  Mostly free to do as they wish, and seemingly fascinated by ghosts and the paranormal, we come to know them as two different varieties of geek.  Claire is hyper, goofy, clumsy, and often behaves like a child.  Luke has a hairdo like Tin Tin, is something of a cynic, and acts like Claire's smartass older brother, although he is actually attracted to her.  Healy and Paxton bring a quirkiness to their roles, which makes them mostly amusing to watch.  Her role as a medium may be something of a clich&eacute;, but even with limited screen time Kelly McGillis manages to bring some credibility to it.With such a substantial buildup, you fully expect a paranormal incident of some kind.  Unfortunately, what occurs may not be quite enough to satisfy.  There are some creepy moments, cheesy jump scares, and decent special effects, but the magnitude of the horror isn't exactly overwhelming, and is sure to have some asking "Is that it?", when the film is over.Ti West's approach, reminiscent of some traditional 70's ghost stories, may be a fun change of pace for some.  Although rated R, what happens appears to fall well within the PG13 sphere.  The story holds together fairly well until the end, when the bottom falls out, and the door slams shut on the events at the Yankee Pedlar Inn.
Excellent idea but too dark and none of the characters had.. well.. &#34;character&#34;.. everyone cheated on each other, no one could be trusted, no one was really that likable. More reality and less fantasy. Not for kids or teens.
&#34;comedy&#34; / &#34;drama&#34;  &#34; dramedy?&#34;  It wasn't very funny, it had a few surprise moments but they we're funny. Maybe as a drama, a really complicated version of parenthood, but it just doesn't work as a 23 minute comedy.
Conceptually this sounded like something I would like and I thought it might be along the lines of an animated Dr. Horrible, but I was very disappointed with the pilot. It just wasn't funny. The claymation was ok. The characters were mostly annoying and didn't make me form any sort of attachment.
Great idea for a series but the plot soon evolved into the typical crazed murderer (this one with an Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder) motif and I lost all interest about two-thirds through--and stopped watching.  Character development was weak and stereotypic, acting was competent but not spectacular, and the script was clich&eacute;-ridden and shallow.
They had a great idea and didn't deliver.  John Goodman was kind of funny, but the other characters were pretty dull.
The egg and I would have done better. here is a nerd who obviously wants to be a murder dog. ( give me a break) With his ingrating voice and his nerdy ways giving us a blow by blow of his own mother? How sick can you get??? A voice man might have made this fly. Did this man view this before putting it out? Did anyone advice him to hire an actor with a good voice to do the narration? Guess not or he thought he was this sexy detective type . Grand elushions an't the word.
This is a well made film, with first rate actors, Ryan Gosling, Kirsten Dunst and Frank Langella.  It's based on a true story which adds interest to the film.  All the actors do a good job.  Ryan Gosling makes a very sick fellow seem almost sympathetic, at least for a while.  Dunst is a sunny delight to watch.After seeing the film I read a bit about the actual event that prompted the story and that filled in some of the missing piece about Deborah, the friend of the husband.  Apparently in "real life" she married the fellow.It's a good film but not one that I'd recommend as great entertainment.  I'm giving it three and a half stars.
Closer to 3 1/2 but could be a five.  I'm no prude but some of the dialogue is, to me at least, unnecessarily crude; forced in a way to make it sound &#34;insider hip&#34; but comes too close to hitting the &#34;jump-the-shark&#34; mark.Other parts are spot-on for me, but not enough. Could be though; with less effort to sound cool..
It starts out slow but the characters become more interesting and likeable. Tarzan boiling his undies in the community pot is classic and worth watching the whole season.
This show is alright.  There is a trend now to portray women in lead roles in an unflattering way, makingthem rude and overbearing.  When this is overdone it detracts from the entire show.
not really my type of show, my husband loves it and laughs through the whole thing.  I liked it but not my favorite
I watched about 30  minutes and realized it's not for me.  It is a good show but it's on the line of White Collar.  Their good but the acting is fair and the writing is C+.
I sat through the pilot and have a policy for TV programs that if the pilot doesn't blow my skirt up, I do not continue watching.With great political shows such as House of Cards (the new one on Netflix, not the British one) and the historical West Wing, Alpha House just doesn't do it for me.Yes, this show has some better moments; some of the lines are good, but overall (and compared to other content available), Alpha House will not be on my list of regular programs to watch.
He is seriously scaring the sh!t out of me. Jessica Lange's performance in this episode is flat out amazing. Watching her play this character is probably the only reason I'll stick around for the rest of the season. I just can't get in to the bloody face, aliens, mutants-in-the-woods, exorcist stuff. Somebody just kill Adam Levine, already. Also, I GET IT RYAN MURPHY, Catholics are bad and you are scared of vaginas.
idiotic comedy not interesting at all. Under developt characters, there is no reason why she should keep th team. Very predictable,
Honestly, I should give this movie 3-stars, because it's okay. It isn't bad, but i take a star away for what it isn't. It is a movie about a college professor vampire who thought the love of his life died hundreds of years ago until she walks onto his campus. So this professor, and inexplicably the student, played by the beautiful and the Hollywood underused Julie Gonzalo, get the hots for each other and start having an affair. There is absolutely NOTHING hot about this affair. In fact, through the entire movie, the sex talk is rampant, yet there is nothing remotely HOT about the entire thing.To make matters worse, they also cast the incredibly hot Alexis Knapp (Pitch Perfect, Project X) in the movie and she is barely used as well. So, you have Gonzalo, Knapp, a student having an affair with her professor and a sorority full of girls, constant sex talk, vampires attacking parties, an entire sorority of girls becoming vampires and NONE OF IT is actually shown. None of it. It is the most frustrating movie EVER. It is the blue-balls of movies.Vampires. Sorority girls. Sex. Gonzalo. Knapp. Yet, it was filmed in a way that it could safely air on DISNEY CHANNEL; if it weren't for all the sex talk and cussing. Man I really like Julie Gonzalo and I'm really glad that she's getting parts. I just wish that somebody would give her something good. I give this movie 2-stars for the fact that Gonzalo is walking and talking in it, otherwise, it is the most confusing movie ever. There is a cuss word every two minutes, but the creators apparently thought that any sort of violence or sex was WRONG!!
Martin (Cillian Murphy) and Kate (Thandie Newton) are a married couple who go off and live on an island. She had a stillborn and the day after she came out of the hospital her husband was at work. In her blog she has a secret of her own she can't tell Martin (one that isn't worth waiting for). The house is huge and they have plenty of food and even electricity from a finicky basement generator and Internet access. Kate is distant and aloof from the start as Martin is the more likeable of the characters.Kate retreats to the bath and doesn't allow her husband to see her naked, as she appears extremely disturbed, blaming Martin for everything. Then suddenly a man in military fatigues, sinisterly armed with a pistol shows up on the island and passes out from his head trauma. Jack (Jamie Bell) the injured man recovers and informs Martin there is a deadly airborne virus killing off the world's population and is headed "our way." He wants to seal up the house which is on a cold remote island.The couple doubts Jack's story but have no way to verify it or leave the island. They are prisoners in their own house in a slow developing home invasion film. Twist at the end makes the whole film a waste of time.F-bomb, no sex or nudity.
Wanted so much to like this one. Great start...loved all the innovative ideas the creators had for the future. Lead actress was believable. Scenario was plausible, so all things being equal, it looked like an entertaining show. I have to say I enjoyed season one. That said, season two left me feeling incredibly dumb and confused. Storyline went on a couple of different directions, new elements introduced until by the end of the 5th or 6th show in the new season, I was just lost and annoyed. These sorts of science fiction stories by necessity have to be understandable and it just stopped being understandable. When that happened, I completely lost interest, because I no longer cared about the girl trying to return to her own time.
This movie was worse than a B movie.  The acting was terrible and it was mostly boring, boring, boring, boring.
John Moon (Sam Rockwell) is a bad poacher, having been caught three times. He can keep a job, in fact he has kept many of them. He is also not the most careful hunter as he irresponsibly and accidentally shoots a woman (Lana Giacose). As any good citizen, he robs her and hides the body.  In fact she has a whole box full of money. Our protagonist is not the nicest person in the world.A couple other things that John is not good at are relationships and hiding money. His wife (Kelly Reilly) wants a divorce as John consults the town's most inexpensive attorney (William Macy) whose judgement in suits and hair pieces leads one to believe he doesn't know how to use a mirror. As it turns out the dead girl had a boyfriend (Ted Levine) who knows John has his money and he wants it back.It is difficult to hide things in a small town as the plot develops some minor complexity. The good, the bad, and the ugly of this film is the fact that it captures the rural flavor of the community with local euphemisms, accents, and slow motion talking. Depending on one's viewpoint, this can make or break the movie. John Moon, is well meaning when it comes to his family, but he is not all good and far from the brightest bulb in the pack.A redneck art film. Not for everyone.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex, nudity (Amy Sloan).
Why did they make this movie?  It's vulgar and not funny.  The story is sickening and pointless.  Promoting this movie as "Hilarious" is disgusting and highly deceptive.  Avoid like a plague.
I like the post-apocalyptic genre so I was interested - and annoyed. I hate the &#34;make the characters act stupid&#34; stereotype, especially the &#34;make the women act stupid&#34; stereotype.Spoilers:First, things wouldn't fall apart that fast. When there have been blackouts or 911 in NYC or earthquakes in California, people don't go wacko in a day, so that was stupid. People downtown, mostly they just turn around, and start walking home. I know this isn't realism, but it doesn't have to be from the POV of the rich, privileged male who thinks the lower classes would go crazy if they didn't have their comforts.Second, cops are TRAINED never to let go of their guns, yet the cop almost puts down her gun to placate a criminal with a hostage. Cops are trained NEVER to do that. The cop puts down her gun and the criminal with a gun can shoot the hostage, the cop and everyone else, in this case, 5 or 6 other people. Stupid. And later the female cops gives her gun to thugs with guns. Stupid and uncoplike behavior. Maybe just to show that women shouldn't have guns or be cops? Sexism? Something to attract the sexist males in the audience. Though of all the characters only the black criminal shows any competence, though it comes and goes.Everyone else acts stupid. The world is going crazy. Let's break the gate so it can't be locked and anyone else can get in. Our only source of water is the swimming pool, so let the hot girl go swimming naked in it and stir up the rough, drunk guy she doesn't know. The world is going crazy, let the guy get drunk so if there is any danger around, he won't be in top form, such as it is. Actress in whore clothes gets to her room, and instead of changing into more practical garments, she keeps the tiny dress on, though she does take the contents of the minibar. The power is down, her phone is out of charge, the people are being chased by crazies, and she wants to go back for the phone she can no longer see her daughter on. This shows the value of photos. You don't need electricity to look a them.I can see it would be a good show if Chris Carter could stop indulging his inclination to make everyone stupid. Does he think everyone is stupid but him?I kept seesawing between excitement and annoyance. I think you can make an exciting show without dumbing down the characters. Or a real writer would be able to.
Rebecca (Sarah Bolger) is a student of an all-girls boarding school. The 16-year-old girl is also a daughter of a famous poet who died a tragic death. Thanks to her best friend and roommate Lucie (Sarah Gadon), Rebecca almost recovers from the past when a new student Ernessa (Lily Cole) arrives.Rebecca thinks there is something strange about Ernessa (who is never seen eating anything). With the arrival of his beautiful and mysterious girl, Rebecca's friendship with Lucie starts to wither. Not only that; weird things start to happen, but is this because of Ernessa, or just a figment of Rebecca's wild imagination?I have not read the original book by Rachel Klein, but the story is obviously inspired by "Carmilla" (1872), a novella written by Sheridan Le Fanu, and to a lesser degree, Bram Stoker's "Dracula" (1897). I believe the original story has several subtexts as in these Gothic classics, but screenwriter/director Mary Harron ("American Psycho") handles these elements clumsily.The film feels rushed in many ways. The three characters Rebecca, Lucie and Ernessa are not fully developed. Rebecca's relationship with the school's handsome English teacher (Scott Speedman) doesn't convince. This is supposed to be a dark fantasy with a heroine who is not entirely reliable, but the film itself lacks wit or psychological insight, anything that would make the predictable story interesting.Having said that, I still enjoyed watching the film for what it is, especially Declan Quinn's moody photography and impressive Lily Cole, perfectly cast as the enigmatic Ernessa.
The same group without the Closer 'Brenda' I think lacks big time and falls flat. It's not nearly as fun or interesting as the Closer was. I really miss having Brenda in the series.
So you throw drugs, alcohol, one of the best actors of all time (Malcolm McDowell), and some of the best music ever produced, and you still can't make this show work.  It is boring, has a lame script, terrible dialogue, but I think it's getting traction because of high production values and big names attached.  Bosch, Transparent, and even &#34;the &#34;After&#34; deserve to be carried by Amazon more than this title.
I really wanted to like this one. The premise of a stop motion cartoon about slacker storm troopers has a lot of potential. Unfortunately the whole pilot is incredible lazy. It's a lot of obvious stoner jokes ("Sorry I wasn't listening because I was SO HIGH. That's the punchline.") and jokes where the humor is supposed to found in characters talking about regular stuff BUT IN SPACE: "You went to high school on JUPITER? I knew a guy there! I made out with him in his SPACE SHIP." Not a lot of effort.Aside from the evil galactic middle manager who can't call his death star a 'Planet Buster' for legal issues, all the characters are really bland and generic too. The main character is another downtrodden everyman, his sidekick is a fat underachieving stoner, and the love interest is "the girl who just understands." Once again, not a lot of effort put into it.In fact there doesn't seem to a lot of effort put into any part of this pilot:  the majority of it isn't even animated; just an amateurish-looking animatic. I understand that animation, especially stop motion animation, is time consuming and costly, but if that's the kind of show you're planning on making, don't show me cruddy temp footage and expect me to care. It's too bad though, because the scenes that were fully animated looked pretty sweet.I'm disappointed to give this one a bad review. It seemed like a really great idea. But it was bad instead.
At the end of Season 2, the most fascinating heroine appeared.  I couldn't wait for S3!  And what did that do?  Strip her of everything fascinating about her and turned her into a broody background victim.  BLECK!!!  And what did they give us instead?  A whole lot of blood and gore.  WHAT A MISSED OPPORTUNITY.  I tried to like S3, but it just got more and more pathetic and I really lost respect for the creators of this show.
Only watched a small part of the show but the dialog and content was not the kind that I was interested in.
Intended as a brutal, cruel installment to the torture porn subgenre, it felt like the intensity was declawed, domesticated and rendered family-friendly.  However, at times the character dynamic in this ridiculous scenario makes the movie at least watchable, although still falling short of recommendable.Iris (Brittany Snow) is a good person with a good heart who finds herself in a difficult situation.  Her parents are dead, she has no money and no job, and she is left to care for her terminally ill brother.  Philanthropist Shepard Lambrick (Jeffrey Combs) offers Iris an opportunity to change her life in the form of an invitation to a dinner party that offers a solution to all of her foreseeable problems, financial or otherwise.  Upon arrival, Iris finds herself among similarly desperate individuals all looking to make some money.  Basically, this is Dinner for Schmucks if the schmucks were financially desperate and the hosts wanted to morally bankrupt them one sadistic challenge at a time.The guests include a mix of transients, gamblers, young and old, able and wheelchair-bound, friendly and unfriendly.  Completely out of left field, one of them is played by porn star Sasha Grey.  But the real wild card in this rated-R truth or dare is going to be the sweet, naive old lady in the wheelchair.  What is she going to do to people?  What are people going to do to her?It starts out with mean-spirited intentions--masked as helping people--in the form of paying a vegetarian to eat steak and fois gras and coercing an alcoholic to binge drink fine scotch. But they quickly graduate to things like "would you rather electrocute yourself or Iris?"  Then lashings, stabbings, drowning and some other seemingly mundane, poorly executed,  unshocking punishments.  Even things that should have been hard to watch (in the hands of a different director) were presented in subdued, PG-13 form. Really, I could watch this with my grandmother.  She's seen Goodfellas and The Godfather, both of which have more scares, shocks and brutality than this.Iris is clearly meant to serve as the audience's moral compass.  But I never found myself rooting for her, nor caring about her or any of the other characters...except for maybe the transient, selfish Amy (Sasha Grey), the first one who realized how to get out of this alive.  In fact, from the start Amy really embraced the concept and celebrated the challenges as a malevolent force.Fledgling director David Guy Levy likely intended this to be a brutal, cruel installment to the torture porn subgenre.  However, I felt that the intensity was declawed.  I felt no suspense.  But I did enjoy watching the character dynamic as people tried to rationalize their "would you rather" options.  A task that, again, Amy really owned.  So while I was disappointed by the near gorelessness, watching the "game" still offered sufficient entertainment.A major shock was that the best performance wasn't by horror king Jeffrey Combs or Pitch Perfect (2012) favorite Brittany Snow.  The only convincing character was Sasha Grey's coarse portrayal of Amy.  But there were no shocks from schlock, gore, moral corruption, torture, cruelty or even the lame attempt a surprise twist ending.  Oh, and the old, sweet nave lady in the wheelchair?  Totally under-, or even un-utilized; mishandled by too much restraint while directing a film in which there should be no restraint!  What a waste.If you are looking for jaw-drops, you won't find them in Would You Rather.  I would only recommend this to someone who watches no fewer than four horror movies per week.  Really.  Like four.  As in, you probably systematically try to watch all horror ever anyway and won't listen to me as I try to warn you away.
I watched the whole series but am still not sure why. Perhaps, it was the promise of Stephen King's usual high jinks and mayhem or Spielberg special effects and storytelling. None of this ever materialized. Nothing really happens in this weird set-up of Everytown, America under glass. Some sketchy characters, both in character and writing, rattle around mixed with some science fiction secrets and violence. The series never reveal the secret even after a whole series of episodes and random acts of violence. You imagine the actors disappointment when they are brutally slain in episode three with no hopes of series two. But, then it is Stephen King ... Zombies? It promises but doesn't deliver. Maybe in series two...? Gosh, I'm just a cockeyed optimist when it comes to my long enjoyment of Stephen King and Steven Spielberg. Surely they wouldn't broadcast a lot of disconnected hooey just for the big paycheck? Or am I being naive that wealthy experienced people in Hollywood will sell out their vast talents for a bucket of cash? I did like the commercial free viewing on Amazon Prime. I never would have made it through the series with commercial breaks. I would have escaped the tedium wandering far from the dome of my Lazyboy recliner and TV despite the two "Steves" of King and Spielberg as bait. The young attractive ensemble when not being brutally slain make a brave attempt at making sense of the script and dialogue. C'mon guys remind us why we made you bazillionaires and give us some great entertainment!
I jumped ship and haven't looked back. Both shows used to be witty and had good writing with tie-in twists at the end like Seinfeld. Now they resort to disgusting poop and jizz senarios. All these comedic actors and that's what they come up with or sign off on. Sunny in Philly is the same way, screaming and hollering to no end. Not funny. These shows are now suited for ten year old boys.
The first two seasons of Ancient Aliens, along with The Pyramid Code, were an epiphany to me, and my paradigm for ancient history has been completely rocked.The third season, despite my highest hopes, is at best a rehash of ideas from the first two.  At worst, and for the most part, they push the package so far past believability, that it's almost as if they were set up by Zahi Hawass and the rest of the established liars to make themselves look as if they need to be wearing foil hats.This season is as disappointing as the previous two were ground-breaking.  I don't know how much more information is currently available because Egypt and other governments seem to be hampering further digging and questioning of established theories.I have always taken a dim view of Biblical stories and other basically silly and unfounded ideas preached by religion about the origins of humans.  However, there are gaps and inconsistencies in the more mundane views of human evolution.  When we see parallel civilizations compared, which may have been highly evolved 20,000 years ago, or more...When we think of how the human brain has tripled in size in a few thousand years and when we see no concrete link between Neanderthaloids and modern humans, to the extent that we would be our current species, the questions only begin.The answers just aren't there in history, archeology, paleontology and absolutely, biblically as to why we are the species we are and moreover, why civilizations evolved so dramatically with technologies we can't approach today in such a short time, and why they devolved almost as rapidly in dark ages, which then redeveloped in entirely different directions.I have seen three different UFOs and photographed one I didn't see until I processed the photos.  I know what I saw, and I know these were not the crafts or technologies of humans, although a great black triangle I witnessed flying over the Front Range near Denver in November of 2002, was no doubt the same craft that had become known as the Phoenix Lights, and has been spotted and photographed many times over the years, could be a terrestrial "Black Op" of some sort.  It's sheer size mkes me doubt that hypothesis.I have photographed petroglyphs in Sego Canyon and other areas of Utah and the Southwest which represent characters that although resembling humans, resemble figures in protective suits far more, not to mention glyphs showing floating animals people and hovering craft.There are so many inconsistencies in what we are told, and what we can also see with our own eyes denies those lies.There has to be more, and more cogent arguments than are presented in the third season of Ancient Aliens.  If there is a fourth season, I hope they return to building on what was presented in the first two.This season has some merit, and food for thought, but it is not presented with the revolutionary force and logic of the first two.
Same cast same plots it still works.  This is not a procedure show but about real people doing their job and letting us see all the warts.
Not a bad joke or anything, but they make fun of a show you may want to creep you out. Random characters, names, and personalities.
As a huge fan of the show The Office, I got hooked pretty fast on Parks and Recreation and enjoyed watching the seasons. I must admit though, my enthusiasm started waning as the show went on and by the time I got to season 6, I wasn't really that impressed or interested! I'm sad because the show gave me such high hopes! I feel like Amy Poehler's character just gets obnoxious after a while. I know that she is supposed to be a little annoying and high strung but I get the feeling that it's supposed to be a little endearing coupled with her strong loyalty and commitment to friendship, however I just find her grinding my nerves sometimes. I didn't feel like Parks and Rec did a great job of character involvement. During season 6, I found myself bored and uninterested during a lot of the character plots. Meh, I give this season 3 stars; I'm pretty disappointed!
The first two seasons were brilliant and I had high hopes for this season. Unfortunately, the acting is uneven - whoever plays 'Bullet' is so bad that any scene with her is hard to watch. Too bad she is in so many scenes. If you want to do the show a big service, kill her character off quickly, like next week. She just cannot act. Never have someone who doesn't smoke pretend to unless they can do it convincingly, which is hard and which this actor cannot. This is just a small complaint, the actor really has little skill overall. Clothes and a haircut do not an attitude make.Too, I feel the structure of the show - the pacing - is not suited to this season's plot line. It worked for Rosie but here I just do not find I care enough about the characters to sit through the pained expressions, the unbelieving supervisors etc, to watch with the same intensity as I did the first two seasons.The writing is not as good, the plots weaker, the acting uneven and the main characters have even become wooden and predictable. Shame to say it , but this is a format that should count itself as one of a new breed of 1-2 season-only shows. Brilliant in that format but now painful for its inability to realize it no longer works.
This movie is a simple zombedy flick that is fun, but you can't take it seriously.  It does feature actress from 'being human' and one from 'primeval new world' as well. They both do a good job as you would expect. The male leads are newbies and they are good as well. Steven Hchattie , the old pro actor  is in this and he plays a angry zombie hunter who is completely out of his gourd.  This is not a real zombie flick of course , but a zombedy , in which a man is bitten by a zombie misquito , and he becomes a brain loving zombie. Like all zombedies the violence is bad but done in a tongue in cheek way. Shotgun blasts leave nice round holes etc in heads and such. The movie is silly , and does feature nudity and a swollen brain like penis shot. But the main focus here is on comedy and it is mildly funny for sure.  The action is mainly taking place at a nice retreat cottage , and that's ok for a low budgeter like this one. However this is NOT a c movie , which are made by non pros with no experience, this is a professional film done by veterans on a low budget. The effects are good in this flick as well. This is similar to many other silly horror comedies , in which the monster is sympathetic and people around him , still try to treat him like the man he was. It looks better in hd and there is a blu ray of this out there.
After the middle of season 2 I find myself asking when is the writer going to take more chances.  So many things could happen and we could shock us once in a while after the investment we have made in your show.I would watch it for sure if you are wanting a good show to show cliffhanger, but don't think it will surprise because it seldom will.
10 mins = nothing20 mins = nothing30 mins = yawn... what time is it?40 mins = nothing45 mins = oh- wait a minute... is something happening!?!47 mins = nope  :(55 mins = left the movie running while taking a bathroom break.65 mins = mind actually started drifting off thinking about my morning commute to work.75 mins = I give up.skip it- you won't regret it!
Some episodes had me cracking up, but some were merely meh.  Kind of like most archer seasons, some great episodes followed but some that just aren't funny
I started watching this series, so I had to finish the season.  The show has been cancelled now.  Probably because it was a little farfetched.
I love alien stories, as I love all things science fiction.This is just stupid, though. If we made a drinking game centered around the words &#34;ancient energy&#34; or &#34;gateway,&#34; this show might have some value.
I saw the title and thought that this has got to be a well constructed satire on so-called  "exploitation" films (a deceptive name to make cheap seem respectable) or it's really a cheaply conceived and produced movie.The old storyline of a dead body suddenly showing up and some innocent people make a series of dumb decisions (so a movie can be made and an audience can say "Dumb decision!". Briefly, two sisters, a girlfriend and some religious guy drive around with a dead body in the trunk trying to dispose of the body while avoiding the usual drug gangsta and true killer. His scenes add up to about 5 minutes and thankfully because his acting consists of wearing a hoodie.If you like dumb dialogue, poor acting and lots of scenes of an old car and a couple of rooms then this low budget movie is for you.
If you want to watch CSI Miami, season 10, I recommend you avoid the DVD version and upgrade to Blu-Ray now as the TV studios obviously want.  The picture quality of TV on DVD is on a downward slide for many series.  The TV studios are deliberately shipping DVD discs with inferior video to kill the format and to make Blu-Ray look better than it is.  Here, the DVDs are so blurry I can't watch them.  I CAN'T SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING!  I own most, possibly all seasons of CSI Miami on DVD; the early seasons are fine, 10 is a visual mess.SEA HUNT Season One on DVD 1958 *underwater* has sharper picture quality than CSI MIAMI Season Ten DVDs.  I'm not joking: if you don't believe me, check it for yourself!  CBS wants us on Blu-Ray.I have yet up upgrade my viewing to Blu-Ray; but there may also be another factor at play.  Remember first generation STAR TREK, where the close-up shots of the sexy female guest star would be shot through a lens that made her look sexier by blur?  David Caruso would look like a wrinkled grandfather if Blu-Ray did a high-resolution close-up on his face; and Emily Procter is also getting up there in years.  I suspect a state-of-the-art optical lens during shooting supplies just the right blur for the Blu-Ray discs to obscure the age of the stars, knocking the actual viewing experience back down into the DVD realm; but the studio can't ship the exact same viewing experience on both DVD and Blu-Ray discs, so the studio adds an additional digital blur to the DVD discs.Can you say, time for a Class Action Suit?@hg47
If City of Heroes is a guide, Arrow is an average super hero soap opera. There are pretty high production values and a diverse supporting cast but for the most part Arrow is just a paint by numbers dramaction series. Nothing terrible about that but don't expect more.The show features outright theft of themes from The Dark Knight movie series and slightly altered genre cliches, melodrama performed by the star and his apparent love interest obviously not chosen primarily for the likelihood of their winning Emmys, and fight scenes that seem to owe more to enthusiastic editing than choreography or stunts.Bottom line: if you think Smallville would have been better with more male shirtlessness Arrow may be exactly what you are looking for. If not move along. There's nothing to see here.
WHY am I paying to watch commercials both before & after the show?! Iam NOT going to continue paying for these shows with commercials! I have a very limited amount of internet and these stupid commercials take up a valued portion! STOP MAKING US PAY FOR COMMERICIALS!!!!
Paul W. S. Anderson's &#34;Pompeii&#34; is a throwback to all those sword-and- sandal epics of yesteryear that combined period-piece spectacle with generous dollops of bloodletting, action and romance. This 1st Century soap opera just happens to take place in the shadow of Vesuvius, the volcano that famously erupted in 79 A.D., burying much of the city and its inhabitants in tombs of molten rock and ash.Looking like he barely needed a change of wardrobe from his day job, &#34;Game of Throne's&#34; Kit Harrington plays Milo, a Celtic boy who, after he witnesses his family being slaughtered by Roman troops in the northernmost region of the empire, is forced into slavery and raised to become a gladiator. When he's brought to Pompeii to fight in the arena, he catches the eye of Cassia (Emily Browning), a thoroughly anachronistic, sassy, forward-looking, freethinking type who finds the officials in Rome to be all uncouth barbarians and who has no taste for such popular blood-soaked pastimes as fight-to-the-death battles in the coliseum. A ludicrously miscast Keifer Sutherland plays a foul Roman senator who tries to come between the noble woman and the slave.As befits the genre, &#34;Pompeii&#34; is just chockablock with stock characters, cheesy dialogue and corny plotting, though the movie does earn a few points for its unlikely and, dare I say it, even quite brave finale.But, of course, anyone who checks out &#34;Pompeii&#34; will be doing so strictly to witness, albeit vicariously, all the death and destruction visited upon the city and its thousands of inhabitants when Vesuvius finally blows its top. Apparently, overproduced, CGI-infested disaster movies are our milder, modern-day equivalent to gladiatorial contests. And in that respect, at least, the movie delivers the goods.There's one thing that &#34;Pompeii,&#34; fortunately, doesn't have in common with those toga-wrapped spectacles of the past - and that is their extraordinary length. So clocking in at a relatively brief 104 minutes, &#34;Pompeii&#34; has at least one thing going for it.
This season we have once again dug up previous players only this time they threw in a family member as well.  The two worst decisions ever made by the producers of Survivor were when they brought back Jon Dalton in Survivor: Micronesia and if you watch the show you know how that went... and this season they brought back Colton Cumbie.  Really?  Well that went south quickly enough we weren't subjected to his whining for long.  So far I am not impressed with this season.
i thought this was going to be way better but it was a fat guy eating then just loosening the weight but people still hated him because of ruinning a wedding so it was not worth watching
This was a good episode.  It was nice to see a familiar face as a guest star.  However,  I always wish Malik Yoba would have more of a presence or positive impact in the episodes.
The season isn't as formulaic as one would suppose.Basic Concept, the main guy is a "Grimm", which means that he and his ancestors somehow gained the ability to "see" people who aren't quite people, but only when they get upset (they take on animalish aspects when upset, elsewise they look fairly normal).Each episode seemingly brings you another animal type, according to the background the whole thing is based on the stories by the brother's Brimm (Hence the name), and season one had it's take on Little Red Riding Hood, Goldilocks, etc.NOTHING like the original material in so far as plot,  think more using the story concept as a jumping off point, twisting it for our times and putting it in Portland or the immediate area.Tends towards a bloody resolution, some obligatory dead bodies, that sort of thing.Entertaining, but would get boring if not for the back story of the other characters.Wife gets mystically whacked by a witch and loses her memory (Season is spent pretty much getting that back and realizing she still loves Grimm.  A bit drawn out, but the ideas and way it was handled was a nice diversion from what you'd expect).The Grimm's at one point worked for a royal family in Europe, but no more, and of course they have a secret key that when stacked with another 6 keys leads to a super secret something.  A bit contrived, particularly the structure of the keys, but a ....  wait for it...  KEY plot device in moving the background story forward.There's also some comedy and romance in the thing as well.I subscribed to the series, don't regret it, but then again, seldom find myself wanting to go back and review a lot of the episodes.
Finished watching the series just a few weeks ago.  They left us hanging, so we were so happy to see the follow-up.  If this was a TV series, it would still do well today.  (Hint, make more.  Bring her back.)This movie however, felt just like the weekly show.  And as mush as we love the weekly show, we expected more from the movie. There was one obvious continuity mistake.  I'll let you find it.  The mistake makes you feel they were not too serious about doing the film right.Message to the producers... step it up.  Try again.  We want more, but don't take us for granted.
I tried a few episodes.  Nothing that interests me,  Had the feel of the office, but in a worse way.  Maybe I just didn't give it enough time, but I didn't want to waste any more time on it!
I turned this off after the opening scenes...it didn't engage me. It might so well on network broadcasting...maybe even cable but not up to Amazon standards.
I don't know where to start because it was that uninteresting. Save yourself the trouble and watch something else, you'll be more entertained with anything but this show.
Don't you know they try to introduce something of a twist so the writers can keep their jobs? I know it's a paradox, but, what the heck. How many ways do they want to twist Alec in one season? Let's introduce a brother for Alec out of nowhere. That should work. Yeah, right.
Perhaps Chris Carter is channeling the existential theme of Sartre's No Exit. We are presented with an unlikeable cast of 8 miscreants forced to endure each other in a battle set in an apocalyptic event, but I am not sure how much of this I or other viewers  will be able to endure, especially if the actress wannabee with the French accent doesn't tone it down a bit.  Keeps your attention but I found myself uncomfortable being in the same room with the TV, which may exactly be the hellish effect Carter was going for.
I was really looking forward to Hannibal the series but the more shows I saw the more confused I got. The show is very dark-both in scene and in story which would be ok if there weren't so many holes I can't seem to figure out. First Will was the killer and then not-then Hannibal and then Will is eating at his table again (probably his latest human kill). It's apparent to all that Hannibal is the killer yet nothing is happening. The relationship between Will and Hannibal is confusing at best and I have no idea who the hell some of the females are. Too many characters in the mix; to swiftly glossed over storylines. I watched Friday night and turned it off because now I don't know what the hell is going on and frankly--I don't really care anymore.  I've rented those shows which I missed and watched them over a couple of times but I'm either an idiot or I'm just lost in all the names, the faces, the killings, the who's, the what's and the wherefores.I think I'll skip Hannibal next season much as I thought I'd love it I'm not convinced there are too many things going on, to many killings (did Will really kill Freddie)??) and just too much going on all over the place.I'll stick with the movies-those I can understand; they make sense and they don't have a gazillion characters coming out of the woodwork!I love Laurence F. but in this he's a little stupid (the character not him).  I hate the darkness of the  scenes where you can barely see anything. The whole experience has been a bust to me and I'm irritated about that because I thought I'd love this show and did the first couple of shows--all downhill from there!Sorry NBC!
A hardly memorized movie of a not-so-bad looking guy avoiding sexual encounters while a story is about his choices as he was accused in making one pregnant during a one night stay.Not much at all.
I liked the premise of this original pilot on Amazon Prime. A few inconsistencies or just dumb actions:1.) The girl who is the actress speaks horribly accented English, so much so that it is sometimes hard to understand her. Her emphasis is on the wrong syllable which I find happens a lot with people who have English as their second language and who have not bothered to improve their accent.2.) Again the girl: wanting to go after her phone when they ran from the luxury house so they would not be killed? And no one told her how ridiculous that was? Not even the guy with the big gun who should have a good handle on practicality?3.) The actions of this girl again: she took her time getting back to the trapped people and went back to her apt., bribing the hotel guy, so she could get her PHONE? The phone again. One of the first thing to go when society falls apart, I would think. Don't people have their phones with them the whole time? She also got some food but I didn't get what was so important to go back to her apt. She already had the gun right? I was confused about why she went back there....4.) So is it the writing?The creature was shocking and repulsive so that is good. Please shoot the Irish drunk.Please up your game on this story line, especially with the attractive girl with the accent. Yes, I get that she has a little girl. So? You really risk your life for a phone? Risk other people's life for a phone?So if this gets better I'm in. Please get better.
While the series did provide entertainment you could get quickly lost on what was happening as the producers played majorly with the usual time paradoxes and future selves/past selves scenarios where if you didn't pay close attention you'd quickly be thinking "What The Hell??!!".  Also you got a lot on what the characters allegiances lay with each other, for some episodes you'd have two characters working for the same purpose and then the next episode would be trying to kill each other off.  Some of the characters they brought in as new villains was enjoyable but again it quickly fizzles out too, and some of the main characters felt like they were just eye candy for the cameras mostly with the actress Ali Larter whose character in the third season seemed unnecessary and unneeded.  The actor for Sylar though plays the role very well so there wasn't any complaints on him or most of the other main cast either, again it just seems the writers were trying to put to much into each episode without fully thinking things through on how the finished product would really look on t.v.  If you have the other two seasons of the show I still say this one is a must for the collection obviously but keep expectations down on the overall quality of this season though....
So basically this entire film is a combination of the found footage genre and pseudo documentary with reality tv style confessionals narrating it.  There really is no story, or characters.  There's just exposition and scientific explanation of what is happening.  Basically astronauts go to one of jupiter's moons and get killed by a space squid living in the ice.  That's really it.  The entire movie takes place in a couple rooms representing the inside of the space ship.  The space is just black green screen.  You don't even see Jupiter in the film.  The film is just horribly boring.  It isn't worth the time it takes to watch it.
There is nothing in this even remotely appealing to kids under 5.  I have a 4 year old nephew and a 5 month old son, and neither looked at the show after the 2nd minute.
Missed opportunity to be really good. I always like to learn something about the inside of an industry when I watch something like this. Nothing presented itself. The concept was good but the delivery was pretty yoki.
I am completely baffled by the sudden love affair Patti seems to be having with the word "whom". A small but irritating - to the point of distraction - issue! I realize its "whom" SOMETIMES, but ALL the time? Who - oops , sorry, whom - DOES that?!? (Just had to get that off my chest, sorry! )I've given it time, I don't like changes and realize that creates a potentially unfair bias, but I haven't gotten over the great loss of the original team. I won't critique the newbies because I think it may be on me that I can't remember their names or find a sense of comfort with them. Plain and simple, I can't say that this is a change for the better, which is more about the edginess and fun and sense of partnership and family that Destin and Rachel contributed than any shortcomings on the part of the new staff.The show still presents interesting situations at times, but, considering the fact that Patti herself is moving closer to 50, I find their collective approach to this to be demeaning to the client - and, really, to their business. 20-30-40 group, not nearly as challenging, nor do you have nearly as many millionaires. I'm.not saying let's turn this into geriatric bingo nights instead of mixers, just maybe ease up a bit when "grandpa" comes from Ohio looking for love, and maybe even mix it up a bit and include that segment of the population - which is growing as baby boomers come to that pass. I'm here to tell you, it's a greater challenge - even with money. Let's see a REAL test of their skills!Whomever tells you it's as good a show without D and R is just wrong, IMO.
Long and drawn out! Worst Jason Statham movie to date. Just didn't seem to go anywhere. One of those movies  you keep watching hoping something is going to happen...It doesn't
I went off the reviews saying this movie was good. I disagree, I couldn't even finish watching the movie. I tried watching it for a good 40 minutes. I just couldn't get into it.
I enjoyed the season that I watched. I was dying to to know where it was going. Not sure will watch the rest of it though.
This show has so much going for it from a production value perspective that ranges from the acting, direction, editing, locations, stories and visual effects with camera work to the unique ways its victims are killed.The cast does a fantastic job of telling each and every story they are a part of and bringing the viewer along with them. The directors skill at guiding the cast to tell each episodes story is also quite evident in this series.What hurts this series for me is the ludicrous and far fetched way they portray Fishburne's (Crawford) and Dancy's (Graham) characters as well as Milkkelsen's (Lecter) to the point of absurdity. I will give a few examples to make my case. Graham is not an official FBI agent and yet he is allowed to carry a firearm? Also, he is unstable and has a history of this which would bar him from legally possessing a firearm? Crawford is the director of the special unit of the FBI and would not be taking direct part in busts nor would he allow Graham to be involved in these cases with his mental health issues. The director (FBI section director) would never expose these cases to legal scrutiny by using Graham in the investigations nor expose the department to lawsuits because of Graham using a firearm. These are but a few of the many over the top (OTT) problems that detract from an otherwise great show. I guess the further from the truth the better for ratings similar to how reality shows are as real as our politicians being honest and working for "We The People"Another issue is whether this series is about Graham or Lecter because it seems more time has been spent on Graham's character and less on Lecter's the entire first season. We know what Lecter has been up to so it is somewhat understandable to see why so much time has been devoted to Graham, but again is this the best way to go? Lecter is a complex character and I think needs more time to develop his persona and less time on Graham's character.This version seems to follow The Hannibal Rising theme more closely than Silence of The Lambs with Hopkins and his English accent Vs. Mikkelsen's Dutch using a German accent. I must say it took me awhile to adjust to the German accent, but after watching Hannibal Rising it follows the character in a truer form than Lambs did and makes more sense.This is only true with the prequel story to the Silence story from watching the movies and not reading the series of books.This is a decent show and well worth the time to watch, but is to far out there to rate above 3 stars.
My wife and I found this movie to be quite boring.  The acting was OK, but the author left something to be desired.
Just another one of a thousand other similar movies... tough lug who has a good side gets himself into a jam then out again.  Harmless entertainment...
I have no idea what happened to my life.  Time just got sucked out of me and I have no good an happy feeling, or deep and meaningful reflection, out my wasted time.  I guess I am just not as deep as the people who attend film festivals...
I don't know, it was sort of stupid and maybe just to contrived for me. There are too many better shows to watch.
I can not believe that the 2 chicks in this movie are responsible for writing and directing .. American Mary .... That was a good movie ... This is just a waste of $$ and time which u can't get back when it's gone . I warn anyone expecting somthing from this very low i mean low budget flick , bad acting , bad story , not funny at all , and the gore is laughable . STAY AWAY from this sticker!!!!!
It started out really good, with the military killing zombies, and one being bitten and accidentally goes to the strip club. There are some smokin' hot naked girls stripping and most of them get bitten and turn into 'Zombie Strippers' They like it because it inhances their performance. Soon, they must stop the flesh-eating strippers or everyone will die! I didn't like the idea of the zombie strippers talking, I like the quiet zombies. If you love zombies and naked women, you'll love ZOMBIE STRIPPERS!!!
The story line just does not really work properly. The actors are not doing a bad job, but I spent the entire movie thinking that something was missing to make this work or at least believable. If you have nothing else better to do, I would not call watching this movie a waste of time.
I am saying the same thing I said in Season 1.  Nothing is wrong, it is enjoyable to watch, but it never quite comes together.  Everyone is working very hard to be funny and charming, but it is Judi Dench that carries this series.
It looks like some of the footage is very poor standard definition quality (like bad cell phone video quality) spliced into other footage that is HD. Some of the worst video quality I have seen on Amazon. However, the content is great and it represents the parks really well. Lots of interesting information.
This is a light heart, yet heart felt, movie about the trials and tribulations of being young. being accepted, and falling in love. One minute no one loves you, the next you have three people in love with you. What's a girl to do?
I did not get past the first 5 minutes.  It is absolutely the worst acting, the worst script,, the &#34;dirtiest filming by perverted camerament&#34; and probably perverted directors.  It is too bad that Hollywood cannot seem to get its head out of the cesspool of degenerative morality. This is not recommended in any way, shape or manner. I suggest Hollywood come out of the closet and admit it is only interested in pornographic, tasteless, sophomoric scriptwriting.
This is the second time I've started watching this.  I couldn't watch it, too much suffering and sadness.  Nothing that I would recommend.
The third season of "Heroes" was a complete mess.  The season started off in a fairly strong manner, with the heroes targeted by the government and having to work together to escape.  However, this compelling idea was abandoned after a few episodes, with the heroes once again scattering all over the globe with separate (and uninspiring) plotlines.  What the producers and writers consistently fail to understand is that the fans of the show enjoy seeing the heroes work together, and not in the same predictable pairings (Ando & Hiro, Peter & Nathan, etc.).  By the end of the season, I really had no idea what the main plotline was and why I should care about any of it."Heroes" started as a fresh, clever series filled with interesting characters, and the producers showed a willingness to add new characters to help prevent things from getting stale.  Unfortunately, the producers and writers really lost the thread by the third season, stubbornly sticking with the same cast of heroes, long past their expiration date.  Particularly frustrating was their stubborn insistence on focusing on Sylar as the main villian; I enjoyed Sylar during the first two seasons but having a nearly unbeatable foe makes the rest of the cast look weak.  Instead of introducing new heroes, each week brought new alliances between the heroes that quickly dissolved before they really could be explored.  One week Noah and Sylar are working together, then they're enemies; the next week Nathan and Peter have reunited, then they're enemies; shampoo, rinse, and repeat.  Keeping up with these shifting alliances was dizzying and tiresome.  Likewise, all pretences of continuity have been abandoned in favor of ending each episode with a "shocking" conclusion.I'll watch at least the first few episodes of Season 4 of "Heroes," as I feel a certain obligation given the time I've already invested in the series.  Also, I do still care a bit about a few of the characters, despite being jerked around by the inconsistent writing of the series.  However, I find that I can no longer recommend the series as a whole to new watchers, which is something I did prior to this season.
So what is this? A comedy? A drama? A dramady? A insider's look at classical music? What? Aside from ridiculous, what was the intention behind this show? That is my question.1) Look, I am pro-sex, nudity, and all kinds of grown up things that people do with their bodies. But seriously, did the pitch for this show go this ... &#34; There are instruments and an ingenue and sex is literally everywhere. It's just sex and instruments - it's just so so sexy.&#34; But it's not sexy. That's the problem. Putting sex in every scene or talking about it in every scene does not make a show sexy. Not that I am even pretending that this show has any viable premise whatsoever. It doesn't. There is just so much to write about - if your topic is in fact New York musicians - that I can't believe you made the most boring/silliest show that I've seen [from Amazon].2) The characters are all caricatures. The conductor actually has ringlets [like Shirley friggin Temple - RIP] and dresses like he's going to a costume party. There is absolutely no one who would think he's credible, especially over Roddy McDowell in NY or music or anywhere else but a loony bin. No one.3) There is a hot female cellist - whose only purpose seems to be to have sex with people or encourage other people to do so. I just don't understand her point. We get it already. This is a sexy show. You don't need someone/her to say it in EVERY scene.4) What a waste of Bernadette Peters.5) I couldn't tell you where this show is going after the pilot, nor do I care. None of the characters seem anything more than a stereotype or some odd cartoon or likable, for that matter.6) Gabriel Garcia is just awful. I suggest a major re-write, re-cast or make sure this character is killed off before you continue. You can probably run over the cellist too - unless you intend to give her more to do than give blow jobs. I hear she's an actress, you might start there...It's too bad. New York is an interesting place. And I haven't met a musician without an interesting story to tell. Did you even attempt to talk to anyone who actually knew anything about New York or musicians? It doesn't seem so.My problem is not the sex. My problem is there is no story, no one to root for, no characters that seem like there was any thought put into them... There is just no show here.This is just silly, ill-conceived, nonsense that should have NEVER made it past any decision-maker. Ever.
Situations somewhat predictable and over done.  But still entertaining.  Just wish the characters were a little more realistic and the acting a lot better.  Opening your eyes very wide and looking odd is not very scary.  Who will be left, and why are they so slow to consider contingencies?
Have you ever known someone that thought they were just the cleverest mind in the circle - that had that self indulgent, narcissistic belief that they and they alone could create or solve the most convoluted brain teasers. OK, well maybe some of those attributes. Well, this movie was the film incarnation of that person. Just a predictable boring studio's pointless production of contrivance.
A bit of let down after a great first season....in some ways becoming too much like Lost and seems to have bogged down in Texas...if it is too survive it needs to recapture the spirit of last year
Robin Williams is one of the funniest men to ever star on the silver-screen, but occasionally he does a weird dark comedy, that's very hit or miss. In World's Greatest Dad, Williams plays an English Teacher, who covers up his son's bizarre and embarrassing death. The suicide note he forged gets printed by the school newspaper, making his loser son, an overnight sensation. Williams is a great actor and gives credence to even a bad film like this, but even he can't save this one. The story is just ridiculous, his son (Daryl Sabara) was a complete nightmare that everyone wanted dead. No one would all of a sudden care, just because he wrote a heartfelt suicide note. It's also extremely unrealistic, since his son was as stupid as they come. That being said, with the exception of newcomer, Eric Martin, the rest of the supporting cast was awful, making the film that much more unrealistic. World's Greatest Dad may have landed it's star, but it's a sloppy movie, that really doesn't make a whole lot of sense. It's an hour and a half of pure torture, with the occasional funny scene that's all Robin Williams. This is one film that just starts out slow, never gets going and is anything but the "hilarious", "wonderful" film that I was expecting.
I hate wasting time on a bad movie.  This movie was kinda bad but not a complete waste of time.  The bonus was that it was short.  This was a parody of romantic a comedy.  Just in case you didn't get what they were doing they really hit you over the head with it.  Another clue was casting Amy Pohler as the female love interest. She is not RCom lead material which I guess added to the parody. She was funny in this movie to the extent possible. Paul Rudd is freakin awesome, as usual. He's like Accent, he adds something tasty to every movie. Love when his pure sweet face utters the F word in a variety of combos. He's a natural comedian. They tried some artsy innovative movie techniques...that did not work, ie flopped.  This movie wasn't good but it didn't make me want to rip my eyes out.
I love the idea of this show. I do not love the people that are cast for this show. I know they want untrained people going to these places, but some of them are beyond ridiculous.
I think Fiction requires at least a little plausibility to work and frankly I couldn't see the group in this movie surviving a power outage, not to mention that even the most innocuous situation seems to provoke a 5-minute discussion (at times I felt like I was watching a Woody Allen film).  Discordant strings and chaotic cameras try to force thrilling atmospheres during the following anticlimaxes: the alpha-nerd discovers a slashed tire, a girl with some blood on her appears at the door (sending one of the quintet into borderline shock), the mysterious visitor subsequently locks them out of their cabin (oh the humanity!).  OMG, you gotta love the 8 minute, not-so-riveting argument on whether to go out into the dark night and find one of the team where they finally convince his wife to wait till morning by saying "please... help us get Doug back" (*camera zooms in on bewildered wife, mouth agape while crickets chirp gleefully in the background*).Featuring the most spineless, indecisive and petty, horror-movie-victim groups of all time hunted by a slasher of epically lame proportions (ooooo... his eyes are milky-white... s.s..scarrrry) "The Killing of Jacob Marr" comprises 1 hour/51 minutes of pure, cinematic flatulence.  Somebody light a match.  :o)
I will miss the show last season on now ...but quality of this download is sketchy at best .....digitally breaks up several times during each episode
This last season was ridiculously bad. so disappointed that I actually paid for any of it. the last episodes were the worst.
I like Brooklyn 99. Its enjoyable to watch, but I also don't really understand the 5 star reviews either. There are two issues that I have with it. The first is that I wish it was a hour long show versus the current half hour, which ends up really being about 22 minutes. There is only so much you can do in 22 minutes and I can feel it every time I watch an episode. Its hard to develop characters or a story with a limited amount of time. My other issue is that it tries to be a little too corny and amusing. I like comedies, but it feels like they are trying to make every second of Brooklyn 99 amusing which tends to actually make it work less. There have been moments when I actually wished characters would be a little more serious. Overall its a fun show to watch, but I don't know if it was interesting enough for me to bother with season 2. You are also paying the same thing to rent a half hour episode on amazon that you would pay for other hour long shows. Most reviews really like the show, but it only partially worked for me.
This series, so far, is OK, but nothing compared to the first 3. In the first 3 series each episode of complete and resolved, but this series so far leaves you &#34;hanging&#34; and having to wait for the next episode to find out &#34;what happened&#34;. Also, characters are not as strong(and actors and actresses) either. So far, wouldn't recommended buying the entire series, as I did with each of the first three. Will have to wait and see.
Relies too much on the shock value of the implant aspect of the plot.  Needs serious character depth and development.  Long drawn out time consuming pauses are too often.  Too much filler replacing the above mentioned missing character development.
Action light episodes and even a large lack of zombies in most episodes make for a lackluster season. It seems to crawl along at a frustrating pace
I like a fantasy as much as the next guy but this leans way onto the &#34;contrived&#34; and &#34;doesn't add up&#34; side.This show is destined to be cancelled and the fans left hanging.Check your reality scale at the door and it'll make for passable entertainment.
(Spoilers)Any story with Hannibal Lecter in it is going to have him succeeding and everyone else looking like a fool. I always walk into that "good is going to win eventually" gimmick, but it's always, without fail, a story about Hannibal and how he's 100% more brilliant than everyone else. I should have known better with the ending of Thomas Harris's "Hannibal", where the FBI wind ups bumbling around like dullards while the psycho-supreme languishes on a jet to Italy with brain and liver with fava beans and chianti as his in-flight snack. It should be predictable by now.I gotta say, though, I did not see the Abigail twist. I usually see a twist coming, and that one was deeply embedded and hit me just as sideways as she hit Lana right out of the window.So, should there be a third season, there will be a question of who survives, Jack, Will, Abigail, and Lana. I highly doubt that they'll kill off Jack and Will. Both will probably survive, but either Abigail or Lana will perish, must perish, for the other to be elevated. It will probably be Abigail, despite having been cut open twice now. Lana isn't being cared for outside. Will and Abby are bleeding out in the kitchen while Jack is doing much the same in the pantry. However, I suspect that the fluid pouring from under the door is a mix of blood and wine. They made a point to emphasize the bottles stacked beside Jack before moving on to Hannibal's victory.His therapist being his secret accomplice was another twist that I didn't see coming. That part, however, seems less worthy. Ok, so Hannibal had a helper dangling a carrot in front of Will and Jack's donkey. It means he didn't suddenly realize right at the end when he sniffed Lounds on Will that his supposed protege was actually a betrayer. It means that Hannibal was pulling strings from much, much earlier.One problem I've always had with Hannibal is that writers love to make him look like an evil god. He's so utterly infallible that he knows everything everywhere at all times, and could and would kill anyone anywhere at any time just for a quick snack. Hannibal could decide tomorrow that he had a hankerin' for some President of the United States and would magically sniff out the scent of the entire life story of the trained special agents on guard, convince them to throw themselves from the nearest balcony, and have Commander-in-Chief-kabobs before you could say t0t@l-b^llsh!t, and then disappear into to a fog, only to reappear as the faux Maharaja of India, a Russian space pilot, or the manager of a Wendy's in Dubuque, IA.(Extra-Super Spoiler)Next season, Hannibal Lecter will reappear as the director of the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane, only no one will recognize him and he'll go around with machinations-a-plenty. At least one person will say, "Hey, that looks an awful lot like Hannibal Lecter, sociopathic serial killing cannibal, but that guy didn't have a Groucho Marx glasses, nose, and mustache disguise like this one does. He CAN'T be Hannibal. Let's go over to his house for steak tartar! Wait, have you seen Frank?" And the FBI director in charge will reply, "I believe you without question or further examination of any evidence that may present itself to me, no matter how obvious. My career aspirations are too important for me to use my "thinking brain". Let's eat! Hey, is that a finger in my finger-sandwich, you sly dog, you? I'm going to keep eating and pretend it's pork cracklins."
I agree the FBI was a part of it, but all of the experts on this show are military intelligence or some other navy/military department, pointing to a coverup of a missile fired from a US Navy sub or surface ship or even some other country's submarine. Classic disinformation, the FBI/CIA does the dirty work as ordered via Washington DC and gets the bad rap while the real intelligence services, military intelligence(including the worst of the worst Naval Intelligence) get off scott free and continue on their way of pushing us towards the NWO via false flags everywhere including gun rampages by mind controlled slaves. This ultimately comes from British Intelligence and the Crown. Know who the original 007 was? John Dee, Queen Elizabeth I astrologer and occultist in the 15th century. It's no different today, they just call it Freemasonry. I'm curious as to who was on board, must have been someone the NWO/Illuminati wanted dead AND so they can institute TSO/TSA terrorism towards their real enemy: the people. Break through your brainwashing doubt and investigate it yourself if you can.
These &#34;Housewives&#34; series used to be somewhat entertaining but the &#34;players&#34; are just so self-involved the show has become painful to watch.
But, so far it is not as good as the first season. Hoping it will pick up and get back to the way it was.
The first half of this film is compelling, well acted and well scripted, all with some first class production design to really bring alive 1970s New York. Kirsten Dunst was exceptional in her role in the movie and brings warmth and depth to the love story and some subtleties to explain why the relationship fails.Unfortunately, once she leaves the story, it falls apart dramatically. Ryan Gosling's character - the protagonist until the mid-point - quickly becomes unlikable and fairly boring. The film then starts to focus on his involvement with a second-tier character that overshadows the real questions raised in the first half. And then there's a really dull trial that provides an excuse for voice-over at the beginning but becomes the focal point at the end.Ultimately the story offers no real insights or answers about a man who destroys the lives of so many around him. It might have been better to drop the "inspired by true events" title card in favor of some creative license to offer the audience some sort of satisfaction in the way the events play out. Still, this is not a bad film by any means but by the end it feels like a missed opportunity.
The fight choreography in this program is among the worst I've ever seen. These supposedly agile, strong, ferocious creatures can only stand around and growl menacingly at each other, with an occasional swipe of the claws. Unfortunately, our werewolves swipe a bit worse than the bad guys and usually collapse into a heap with a stern look. Our Asian martial artist will inevitably drop her weapon and collapse as well.Please....I know we have to put our heroes into peril, but can't we put at least some thought into making it intelligent peril and avoid making them look foolish and incompetent?
During the early years of the cold war, I can see some of these thing going onand no one would have thought it was going on our streets of quiet Americabecause it all happened some where else and not here. Not so true nowwhen every one thinks anyone could be a trader or building or cooking somethingup that can kill. We are no long that place where bad things happen!!
This is a night time soap opera on a grand scale. To sum up the plot; every single character is a big time conniving liar with huge problems like alcohol, drugs etc. and they are out to get money from their family, friends or clients with any means possible, even if they have to kill them for it. Another possible title for this show can be "The last liar standing" because every episode seems like a race among the characters; who is going to outsmart and manage to ruin the others.There are plenty of totally absurd unbelievable twists and turns, as in all soap operas, where every possible criminal and indecent behavior is piled up in huge doses; infidelity, murder, fraud, drug abuse, greedy schemes, prostitution, impersonation and plenty more.The hook is typical in TV shows of recent years; everyone is good looking and wealthy, the scenes are opulent and the twists are entertaining, so it makes the viewers feel good about the fact that they are better people than these evil, ruthless and degenerate upper-class characters.The main character that we are supposed to identify with is Bridget, who is relatively better than the others, but she was an irresponsible drug edict and a prostitute and the show presents her as a totally changed woman as soon as she assumed her twin's identity, like a miracle happened to her - absurd, of course.If I critique it as a soap opera then I have to say it's good. But I personally am bothered by the fact that every drama on TV now is a soap opera. It seems like there is nothing to watch now except gritty crime shows and soap operas. The good old shows like "The Waltons", "The Wonder years" or "Thirtysomething" with nice decent people are non-existent, and all the dramas now are full of criminals, drug addicts, mean people and thugs who are getting prime time exposure. And as long as these "low lifes" are good looking or wealthy or portrayed as "simpatico", the public is willing to accept it all without question.
I do like how the animators make the characters do recognizable dance steps together.  I also like how they sing harmony.  However, this show is so addictive, that if my kids watch one, they never want to stop watching it.  I don't like that.
Great to watch if there is nothing on tv to watch. Will keep in queue for days their is nothing to watch.
Kind if interesting...especially the main &#34;villain&#34;..  But with all the other stellar shows around, this one lacks luster. It's decent but not special. It may improve down the line....but presently gets a B-/C+ for dialog, acting, AND storyline....
not as good and moving as I like for a show. Need more in it for me. Slow in many places
I must have closed captions (as a hearing impaired person). I chose this program because the listing summary indicated that it was closed captioned. Enjoyed part 1 and then was very unhappy to discover part 2 is not captioned. Cannot understand why this situation exists. Better to have left off the CC indicator on part 1 and not fool us who are hard of hearing.
First off--if no stars as a rating were available, that is what I would give this show. As some other reviewers with half a brain have noted, this is quite possibly THE WORST COP SHOW EVER. Even tho I purchased the complete first season on Amazon, the pilot episode was SO bad I couldn't watch any others. Why is it so awful? In the first 5 minutes of the show we see the 'Rookies' (everyone looking like a GAP model) drinking & partying like total idiots, having their graduation in a bar. Then we cut to their first day on the job where they spend 90% of their time with their guns drawn saying "don't make me shoot you". AWFUL, STUPID, HORRIBLE! This show is an insult to anyone in law enforcement and to the public they serve. Mind you I have no problem with 'pretty actors' doing soap opera/drama. But this show is like watching a bunch of adults run around 'playing' cops & robbers but with real guns instead of toys. With all the great cop shows out their (the new "Southland" is terrific, the "Shield" was awesome, Patick Swazey's last show "The Beast" was great), you don't need to waste your time on this poor excuse for entertainment.
Episodes include one on sex addiction, the boys writing dirty books interpreted by 'sophisticates' as having deep meanings, and Tom Cruise flying into a snit over being called a 'fudge packer' while working in a factory packing fudge. The supposed 'highlight' involves a continuation of the Cruise theme involving other movie stars - all attempting to obtain Mohammad's supposed immunity from criticism. The sequel is lame, and heavily censored for obvious potential terrorism reasons. (It's a shame Comedy Central felt the need to censor that episode, but understandable given the times we live in.) Regardless, in the middle of the latter we also learn that Cartman's dad was a Denver Bronco.
It's a decent season but they just kinda flopped on the end. Decent show but dialog and writing is marginal at best.
OK. I don't get it. I really gave this a shot but, after watching the very first episode I have officially given up on this one. The premise of an invisible dome covering a town is OK but cutting a cow in half was ridiculous. As soon as that happened I knew it was over. It's not that any of the things  that happened in the show couldn't happen but it's just that everything was so cheezy. I give up on this one. The special effects don't cut it and the acting is "so-so". I'm digging under the dome and escaping.
Honestly, I generally don't care for romances.  This was a little different from the usual more like &#34;Ghost&#34; was several years back, but more of a wispy ghost than a felt presence guiding events!  Somewhat disappointed by the nuances of the characters feeling their way through loss and unrequited relationships!  The music background was not to my liking, but then we all have different tastes!
The show seems to have a lot of potential, but I feel this has been done before. Not many new things have brought that I haven't seen in computer animated movies or cartoons on TV. You guys remember TV, right? Anyway, there were some funny moments in this show, but I don't feel it would last that long as an actual series.
I liked the Tambor character but didn't like anyone else on the show. This would probably not be a show I would watch on a regular basis because the adult children just didn't interest me. Jeffrey Tambor does his usual good job. As much as I like him I would still have a hard time wanting to see a second episode.
The first 5 seasons were outstanding because there was a continuity in the characters and their personalities.  Although the stories are still good and well written, too many new characters, town seem much larger,  After 5 seasons of superior performances, it understandable season 6 is the last of Ballykissangel.
Watched it a couple of weeks ago and it's so forgettable I can't remember anything memorable other than it was a mishmash of scenes, cliched dialogue and stereotyped acting that seemed sourced from an hallucinogenic teen cartoon mag.
If you ordered this for free on Prime streaming, enjoy the found footage genre and haven't seen any of the Paranormal Activity films, you will probably find this fairly enjoyable. If you paid, don't like this format or have seen some of the others, then maybe not.The production quality is average although the sound could have used a little boost at times. It gets straight into the story without wasting much time on back stories though some of the exposition scenes break the 'found footage' concept and make it drag. There are a couple of solid scares but it's certainly not going to make you sleep with the lights on.This is actually better than Paranormal Activity but suffers from being a copycat - if it had arrived first, I'm sure it would have been received more positively. But as a free rental approaching Halloween, 3 stars is all I can manage.
I work with several Amish communities and not sure how legite this is.  I hope that those who don't know the Amish don't get crazy ideas about their culture.
Is it becoming the supernatural dating game?I have to admit I was wildly entertained by seasons 1-3A. Season 3B was a little more jumbled and confused and less enjoyable for me. As for this season 4, well the jury is still out.I do like the Mexican hunters, especially the leader. I am still waiting for the season to have more cohesion. Of course it is still very early, but there are only going to have 10 episodes again this year. The storytelling isn't as tight, and despite there being 3 eps already, no Danny. Danny was great. Of course there is also a big hole left by the departure of Allison and Isaac. There is way too much frantic disorganization.Now bringing Kate back is&#8230;well, did they run out of baddie ideas?I liked it when the story was mostly about werewolves. Now it is werewolves, were jaguars, Banshees (at least Lydia is a great character). Werecoyotes. Mercenaries. Time travel. Electricity eating, fox demons who are super skilled at all the martial arts apparently. Now a new kid (Liam) who is a high school freshman, but is still better at lacrosse than anyone else. And there are still new characters to come. There is apparently also a Wendigo storyline.In Ep one the whole temple scene is boring and unnecessary, I wasn't excited at all.. Unfortunately unlike the Braeden of season 3 who I wanted more of, the Braden of this season is flat. I am hugely disappointed in the lack of LGBT characters, too.I am disappointed at all the pairing off. The Kira/Scott has no spark, sad to say. I've noted before that there is often a trend to using pairings in a show to get around not having to develop a tight story. What I'm trying to say is unlike the seasons 1-3A, the writing isn't as tight, I don't feel carried along with a great story. I am also very reluctant to say it, but the new characters aren't as compelling as the ones who've been there all along. There is too much fracturing, trying to not only keep the tales of the older characters going, but dumping in new characters that makes it distracting rather than exciting. I find myself asking what is the point?So far Ep 3 is the weakest. I found it too deliberately cutsie, too focused on pairing everyone off. I pray that they improve from here on out.
I won't watch this or any other series from Sy Fy until they come out complete on DVD.  SyFy is unreliable.  They get you hooked and cancel.  They move their series all over on different nights and even different seasons. You will watch a few short episodes before the series will take a long break after which you will have no idea if the series is going to continue....The network was once my favorite.  Now I consider it the worst network on Television.  Other networks produce far better programming that can be called Sci Fi than the channel that once had it's name.Pathetic.So, I do not advise anyone to watch any programs produced by SyFy.  Apparently they have no way to tell who is watching their programs online and must only get their numbers from broadcast/cable numbers.  They don't have a clue and unless they undergo a radical shake up in their upper management and program direction posistions, I know more like myself who will not be bothering with this network.
Great casting. The Bosch character is refreshing and realistic, tough but not over the top macho. I really wanted to like it, but it drags. Too much time spent on trivialities -- giving a bum some cigarettes, brooding, staring out into space,etc. I expected a cliff hanger ending making us really want to know what happens next, but the emotional scene in the bathroom was weak -- I actually expected the obligatory vomiting, which is over used in so many show, a hackneyed ploy to show how much a character is effected emotionally. I was glad that it was passed up, but really did expect it.I could see following this show if there wasn't anything else better to watch, but I'd search quite a bit before.
More adorable than horrific, Milo put a big smile on my face.  This is hands down the best movie I've ever seen about a butt monster.Duncan (Ken Marino; Eastbound & Down, Children's Hospital) leads a stressful life which, consequently, led to the development of an anal polyp.  His doctor's prescription: avoid stress.  Of course, right after receiving this advice, he encounters nothing but stress.  His boss is pressuring him, his wife (Gillian Jacobs; Community) wants to start a family, his mother married someone younger than him, and his co-worker is making his work life Hell.During an entertaining, gastrointestinally-scored bathroom scene, Duncan gives anal birth to Milo, the malevolent personification of his anal polyp which emerges from his ass to kill the source of his stress.  What's REALLY scary, though, is that after Milo kills he returns and climbs back into Duncan's butt!The jokes are funny, but not quite the over-the-top nature I expected.  I thought this would be scripted more like Scary Movie.  Instead this was played mildly straight-faced&#8230;for a butt monster movie.  However, the physical comedy is HILARIOUS!  As far as butt demons go, Milo is pretty cute&#8230;adorable at times&#8230;like a shaved Gizmo, cooing and cuddling.A lot of inappropriate things happen in this movie beyond the plotline that an anal polyp demon emerges from a man's ass for occasional killing sprees.  A man falls face first into another man's bare ass, a man's face is eaten by Milo while Milo is still inside Duncan's ass, a man's penis is brutally bitten off&#8230;this is definitely the kind of flick you watch with a case of beer and some of your gore-loving bros.Oh, and watch through the credits.  There are some really funny b-reels.
Low budget, ridiculous script, amateur directing.  Ten minutes was more than enough to know that this was a waste of 10 minutes.Obviously the positive reviews must be planted here by those involved in the production of this high school corn.
It had some drama but not as much as i wouldve hoped to see.......... dont know exactly why that is. hmmm?.. Anyways umm this season jackie actually makes me kind of like her... surprisingly she was not so bad this season. Malaysia hmmmm i dont know whats with her this season i think she over analyzes things too much and then everything just goes awry. Draya surprised me! So kudos to draya for finally not looking like a punk. But at the same time draya pissed me off with her arrogance like hunny its not that serious tune it down babes........ your cute but its not that serious mama. The other cast mates were alright............ I dont know this season just was a little too short and not enough action. But it was ok
Not reviews or word of mouth,( got me interested in this show), just 'Hey, why not?&#34;20 minutes of 'EEEuuuuu!'. Not funny, not much of anything, except recycled and poorly conceived garbage.Amy Schumer is not funny: she 'dumpster dives' for ideas, and only comes up with worn down fragments of other much better comedians routines, and not even the best of them.Unoriginal trash spouted by a person with a drive for fame infinitely greater than her talent, creativity, or intelligence.  Avoid like the plague!
I am looking forward to the opening season this weekend!  Matt Smith as the 11th regeneration of Doctor Who is not my favorite, simply because I cannot figure him out.  Is he a lover, is he just a dork, is he a fighter, is he brilliant or just lucky?  Totally confused and his bumbling is a little unnerving, but for some reason - it still works.
Gee did you see that coming well they spelled it out for you in three episodes so you should have guessed by now. The bad guys win and the good guys don't but really at least in the last episode she didn't have to run in heels maybe we get to see joanhave a baby but id rather watch Auggie take his shirt off again and again
I found this one a bit wierd. It was hard to grasp how the characters were so hard souled.  I still wonder why I watched the whole thing.
1) I really love the lead actor. I like that there is air of mystery about him.2) I liked the overall &#34;look,&#34; ie, production values, cinematography - especially the scenes in the forest.3) Great job - snagging Hershel (Scott Wilson) from The Walking Dead. He always lends a certain credibility to all of his roles. Love him.4) I thought splitting the plot line into 2 clear directions (ie, the shooting, and the murder mystery) didn't quite work. I thought the shooting plot line wasn't really necessary to teach about the subtext or &#34;what drives the character.&#34; All of the character study could of been explored during the investigation of the murder, which is the plot line that worked best for me anyway.5) Let's be honest, this is a typical procedural. It's been done before and is currently being done on television. That said, I wanted to see what happened to this character - so that's sayin' something.
"Listen to me, you twisted cheese-eating gnome. While you've been sitting down here waiting for the sun to shine, we've been struggling to survive, in a remote cabin, with some Germans." This is a true story set in 1940 WWII. After shooting down a British plane a plane carrying 3 Germans crashes in remote Norway. After walking for awhile they find a cabin and decide to stay there until they can travel again. They are surprised when they find the 2 British pilots show up. Taking turns capturing each other they soon realize that the only way to survive is to work together. First of all I have to say that if you are expecting a war movie this is not what you are looking for. On the other hand it is a good movie and is worth seeing. I enjoy true stories anyway but this one really shows the humanity of people during wartime. There really isn't much more to this then 5 people in a cabin talking and it is a little slow but it is interesting enough to keep you watching and I enjoyed it. Overall, if you liked Winter In Wartime then you will like this one as well. I give it a B.
This movie had an interesting beginning with the female character's behavior problems, but after about fifteen minutes of her doing nothing but going to the bathroom and eating take-out food, I lost interest and fell asleep.
Quirkier and more inventive than THE FOLLOWING, which wasted the rich material offered by Poe's works.  Here, the cult's activities and leaders are closely tied to a television program by the same name.  The series offers humor, intrigue, tech-related twists, a disturbing portrayal of fandom, and the fine line between reality and fantasy, particularly when media, drugs, and brain-washing cults are involved.
The woman detective who plays someone with autism only succeeds in being stilted and boring. Not with getting involved in series.
Folks, there are no aliens. *Nobody* saw any aliens before the 1930's. I believe Guy Ballard on Mount Shasta was the first. Why the 1930's? Why in the United States? Because of SCYFY PULP MAGAZINES, that's why. Sure, people have seen strange stuff since time immemorial, but nobody specifically saw "aliens" until the 1930's.Why don't the aliens tell us anything terribly important which we don't already know? When people were afraid of a thermonuclear war, the aliens warned us about...surprise...the perils of the A-bomb. Thank you. When people began to worry about environmental destruction, the aliens started to sound like Al Gore. When Barack Obama was president, a particular alien faction revealed that *he* (Obama) was an alien. Yet, during the primary elections, when Obama was just one of several candidates, the aliens were silent...And, good people, if the aliens are so damn sophisticated, WHY DO THEIR SAUCERS ALWAYS CRASH? HA HA HA.But OK, I admit that none of the above definitely *disproves* the existence of 57 breeds of aliens, visiting Terra for no better reason than mutilate some cows, drop a Bigfoot off in Pennsylvania, or make a fool out of Jimmy Carter. Planet Earth *could* be the fun house of the Galaxy.I mean, it certainly LOOKS like it! :-D
Garry Trudeau has to feel pretty good about himself.  Republicans and Tea Partiers are portrayed as hypocritical fools and shills.  This will play well with half the country and not the other half.  Sadly for me, I'm in that other half and have better things to do than get sucker-punched by my entertainment.
This may be my fault, I picked it thinking it was a documentary on English manor houses. Turned out it's a soap opera anchored by contemporary regular people who agree to live in a manor house and interact. It's &#34;The Real World - Downton&#34; and not my cup of tea.
Fresh water is polluted with drugs we're putting in it, some on purpose and some flushed down.  This movie explores that issue and lets you make the decisions as to how bad it's become.
A little more mature than I would have expected from an ABC Family show. Lots of sexual innuendo, which was a little awkward to watch the in mixed company.
A lot of conjecture in this, however it was entertaining. Just use your brain and try to separate fact from fictional.
I like SciFi, a lot. It promotes forward thinking IMO.This series started out with a cool idea, of "what if".With Stephen King as the writer, and Steven Spielberg as the director, WOW, I was excited.Ouch. Ouch.  Arggh! This show is SO bad.If Steven Spielberg is REALLY directing this- he should be arrested, and then sent home with a monitoring device. Or, he should see his doctor to find out what is wrong with him.*No, I'm no wannabe writer- I'm a ticked off viewer!How the heck do these two entertainment giants, let such a BAD show air, with their names?There, will no longer be any... Oh, if Spielberg is directing "I've got to see it" in our family. Or, "If Stephen King wrote it", I should order it.  NOPE.For US. This is a TOTAL Sell-out from both of you. You should be ashamed that your names are on this GARBAGE.I feel sorry for the actors as well. Poor things, having to try to make this garbage watchable.Shame on both of you.Ok. I'm done.
While some of the jokes were uniquely funny, many felt forced or even over-the-top. This show might have potential for a single season, but I can't see it developing any further then that.
Given the screenplay was co-written by Lena Dunham, creator and breakout star of HBO'sGirls, I was hoping this 2012 indie relationship drama would resonate strongly like Lisa Cholodenko's acclaimed Los Angeles-set films (Laurel Canyon,The Kids Are All Right), especially with such a smart cast of actors. However, something feels amiss in director Ry Russo-Young's coolish approach to a familiar story of adulterous deception and family dysfunction. The pacing feels glacial, and the characters are just not that involving emotionally. Perhaps that was the intention in showing the shallow nature of the lifestyle being portrayed, but it rubs off on the film's inertia leaving it feeling quite flat. The setting is LA's funky-chic Silver Lake neighborhood where sound engineer Peter lives with his psychotherapist wife Julie along with their young son and her teenaged daughter from a previous marriage, Kolt. They epitomize the laid-back, everything's-cool attitudes one associates with affluent Southern Californians.Enter Martine, a New York acquaintance of Julie's college friend  who happens to be an attractive 23-year-old experimental filmmaker. She has agreed to work as Peter's assistant in exchange for him helping out on her latest project, an arty video installation revolving around close-ups of ants. How Martine emotionally invades the family is the crux of the story, and to the credit of Russo-Young and Dunham, she never comes across as an unrepentant interloper like more commercially driven exploitative films have done in the past. It's just that the plot pretty much goes the way you would expect it would go from the outset, although the characters carry decidedly ambiguous natures that make some of the story turns feel more complex than they really need to be. For instance, the inevitable tryst between Martine and Peter lacks believable passion because it feels almost matter-of-fact. In hindsight, I feel like it should have been the driving force in pushing each character toward self-examination.The cast is not really at fault here as the acting, for the most part, is sensitive and assured. Olivia Thirlby (the best friend inJuno) provides the requisite gamine quality needed to make Martine credible as an object of obsession even if her character remains a cipher throughout. The always becalming Rosemarie DeWitt (Rachel Getting Married) delivers a thoughtful balancing act between earth mother and jealous wife as Julie. John Krasinski has a bit harder time escaping his amiable good-guy image fromThe OfficeandAway We Go, but he does provide some surprisingly heated moments as Peter that make you wonder if he could do a greater variety of roles onscreen. As the constantly yearning Kolt, India Ennenga appears to be channeling early Claire Danes, but she makes the character's unrequited love palpable. In smaller parts, Justin Kirk as a horned-up Hollywood screenwriter and Julie's attentive patient and Dylan McDermott as her self-possessed ex-husband bring much needed alpha energy to the proceedings. A late meltdown scene with Kolt's smarmy Italian tutor (Emanuele Secci) feels very out of place. Lethargic viewing.
This could easily be one of those lampoons done by the Scary Movie franchise  My favorite scene was the female officer hanging on to back of the getaway ambulance.  What was she doing back there?  She was spread eagled on the back bumper with hardly a hand hold.  Was this supposed to be a dramatic act of heroics?  It looked like the rest of the group wouldn't let her ride inside because she was a minority.  Never-the-less, she seemed grateful to be allowed to ride on the back bumper and helplessly hang on for dear life as the ambulance sped through the city.Eventually, they make it out of the city after being chased by an angry mob and find refuge in the old lady's mansion, whereupon it only seems appropriate that the sexy babe character would strip entirely naked and go swimming  in the pool, because you see, they are all in the middle of an obvious crisis situation, and that's what would happen in the Scary Movie franchise.
WIP flicks are what they are. They nearly (nearly) transcend criticism because they are a hard and fast genre requiring certain obligations to be fulfilled. This one tries to skirt some of those obligations.Here's the scoop. A handful of female inmates are granted a 2 day pass to the outside to see if they can re-assimilate into society (right). This follows them on their attempts.Other than Uschi Digard and Candy Samples I didn't know any of these actresses (actresses?). The schtick here is to get the girls out of the prison with the 2 day pass scenario. It opens with the obligatory shower scene and ensuing cat fight and is followed up with the girls visiting the prison psychiatrist as to why this 2 day pass can do them well. We then see how each uses the pass which amounts to little more than one sex scene after another.Yup. Cheap sets. Bad acting. Bad writing. Bad directing. But we're not here for that. We want the babes and there are babes aplenty. Problem is, everything is so bad the bare babes become tiresome after little time. Sex scenes, even soft core sex scenes, can be arousing. Not so here. They wear out their welcome pretty quick. The real highlights are seeing Uschi and Candy and even those left me wanting.There are a lot of these kinds of flicks out there and most (maybe all) are better than this one. Seek them out first
It pains me to trash this show on Amazon, because seasons 1,2, and 5 are truly great.  This season feels like a made for basic cable action show that would air every Sunday at 2 AM.  Every plot device, formula, etc., is recycled here from the other seasons, almost to the point where they feel literally cut and pasted.
I was thrilled when I read the list of actors in the cast, and I had expected great things - but the show didn't meet my expectations. The acting, for the most part, was just okay. The brief sex scenes did nothing for the show and actually came across as bumbling and  dumb. The storyline, itself, was a huge cliche. If they decide to continue with this series, they really need to clean up their act. I didn't hate the pilot, but I didn't love it, either.  It's just... okay.
I am sitting here trying to figure out why I watch this? Oh I remember, I accidently signed up for it with one click. My bad. Live and learn. What a sad life style.
For some reason these guys are very likeable and their ladies are quality too.  Im very glad McGarrett's mother-character is gone:  horrible selfish person.  Likewise with Wofat whose involvement and personage was hideous.
This was not a good role for Richard Gere.  He has made movies I have enjoyed. "Unfaithful" for example. Mr. Gere just wasn't believable as a tough arbitrager.  The plot was about as exciting as watching paint dry. I fell asleep twice, the car crash woke me up once. The second time was when my dog wanted to go outside.  I gave it 2 stars for the scenery.
Don't like the animation style, the humor is cliche as can be, and in great abundance already on TV.  What does this add?
Why are things like this on tv?We don't have enough senseless violence in this country? Enough people who get off on others' misery?
The film starts out as an" Andromeda Strain" on steroids.  An alien life form that resembles a giant land squid-octopus migrates across "The Infected Zone" of northern Mexico. The locals seemed to have adapted to the monsters , perhaps better than Louisiana has adapted to Hurricanes.Andrew Kaulder (Scoot McNairy) is a US photo journalist who is eager to take pictures of the creatures and the havoc they cause. When a rich man's daughter (Whitney Able) gets trapped in Mexico he is tasked to stop what he is doing and escort her back to the US.The film is rather dull in that it focuses on the couple, their travels, and misadventures.  It doesn't pick up until an hour into the feature.  I found the feature to be over hyped and over rated with an "R".Parental Guide : 1-2 F-bombs, no sex, no nudity. Not much in the violence area either.
My younger daughter would probably give this more stars than I did.  I am not fond of the setting and there is something missing.
One of the hallmarks of the first two seasons of "Friday Night Lights" was the show's ability to really use its ensemble cast to the fullest.  Each week would shine the spotlight on a different character scenario or two, and if those weren't the ones that appealed to you...well, you knew that the next week it would be something different.  While this third season does a good job of moving certain storylines forward, it also turns rather repetitive at times in terms of the areas it really focuses in on.For a basic summary, Season Three is one in which we (as viewers) say goodbye to some established figures and welcome some "new blood" into the fold.  Because the writers strike of 2007 completely screwed over Season Two's "ending", the beginning episodes of this year basically just get us back up to speed.  From there, a few things given to us in this installment include:-Mrs. Taylor's new role as school principle and the new perspective it gives her on certain issues.-The continued evolution of the Tyra/Landry & Tim/Lyla relationships.-Jason Street doing everything he can to provide for his new "family"-The ongoing foibles of Buddy Garrity.-A new QB threat to Matt Ceracen.There are some parts of Season Three that work very well.  The chemistry within the Taylor family is still the backbone of the show, and it still never fails to produce emotion in nearly every episode.  The "new QB in town" angle is also probably the strongest one of the entire season.  Tami's new turn as school principle also brings up some moral dilemmas that prove quite interesting.The trouble with this season, though, is that all the other angles fall under the following two categories: Either they are done too quickly (Smash Williams, Jason Street), or they linger on for far too long (Tyra's rebellious streak, the ticking time bomb that is Tim Riggins).  More specifically, the characters of Tyra & Tim (who really stood out in the Second Season) are given more screen time but less character development in the sense that they don't seem much different from beginning to end.  It is probably a case of the writers knowing that such drama works with most viewers and being a bit scared (in the wake of cancellation) to stray too far from the formula.Overall, then, I can't rate Season Three of "Friday Night Lights" nearly as well as its two predecessors.  Whereas those earlier seasons were high drama with pockets of repetition, I felt that the formula was flipped in this case.  The ending of the season set up a scenario that looks like it has great potential to produce an entertaining fourth season, so I'm not giving up hope just yet.  I'm just a bit concerned that the show has "slipped" a bit with each subsequent season so far.
Take some Robin Hood. Sprinkle on a little Hamlet, a touch of King Arthur and you get this bit of drivel.Here's the scoop. Ne'er do well rich kid Oliver Queen is shipwrecked on an Island for five years after the family yacht capsizes. His dad was "lost" in the wreck. But dad entrusted him with a notebook full of names of a lot of the wealthy folk of Starling City who used their wealth to gut the city and turn it into toilet. Oliver is rescued and vows to fulfill his dad's wishes to do the bad folk in and save the city.I'm amazed at all the high ratings this received from users. I suppose, that in this day and age, when most Americans see how corrupt their government, and big business are. And how hopeless they feel that they want to root for someone who will cut the red tape and get things done for them. This is a truly decent idea, but it's done so poorly. First off, lets look at the casting. There are almost no character faces anywhere. Nearly everyone is absurdly pretty or handsome. Then there's the writing. With the advent of shows such as "The Killing", "The Bridge" and "Breaking Bad" TV writing has improved exponentially over the last few years. So what happened here? Too much of this is on the level of daytime soap operas. And in the story, certain parts of the back story unfold over the episodes. This is a good thing. But there is little consistency with the characters. Each one of them does or says something mean or stupid to one of the other characters only to turn around a couple of scenes later and apologize. That gets old real quick. Oliver's sister is a great example. One minute she's sweet and understanding to her long lost brother, the next she's cutting him a new one. And this happens over and over.  Same with the directing. There are a lot of (too many)  tight head shots during the dialogue sequences. Who does that anymore?As of this writing more than 700 people have reviewed this. The only reason I'm doing so is to help balance things. I've sat through 8 episodes and the last two I struggled to finish because this just isn't that good. I do like the idea. It just needed much better handling.
I started off liking the show, but it soon lost my interest.  I found much of it to be rather maudlin.  The series is just not very well written.
Painful to watch. It take &#34;dysfunctional family&#34; to a new level, and not one that makes me look forward to future episodes.
The two leads are a bit obnoxious. The pilot overall wasn't that interesting and I do not believe I would watch this series.
I watched 5 minutes and wished I didn't.  Then skipped around some.  Don't worry, don't bother.  It doesn't get any better.  I could provide more detailed reasons why.  But it doesn't deserve it.  Do yourself a favor and skip it.
I really wanted to like this, but does anybody writing these shows know anything about Wicca?  You can't tell it from the stories.
I'll admit that I only watched a little of this but the violence was beyond my acceptable level so I quit.
"Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning" stars Jean-Claude Van Damme, Scott Adkins, Andrei "The Pit Bull" Arlovski and Dolph Lundgren (credited in that order). The new Universal Solider film is directed by John Hyams, responsible for so-so action flick "Universal Soldier: Regeneration" (2009) and just plain terrible "Dragon Eyes" (2012).First things first. "Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning" is not a Jean-Claude Van Damme movie. Van Damme's role here is only as an extended cameo, and his fight scene is rather brief, and so is that of Dolph Lundgren. I don't even know if I should call it a Universal Soldier movie, as in "Day of Reckoning" there is hardly any sci-fi element that was still seen in "Regeneration."Still I expected something exciting from the film as the star of "Day of Reckoning" is Scott Adkins, who can really do action. Adkins plays a man named John, who, heavily injured, wakes up in a hospital to learn that his beloved wife and daughter were brutally murdered by masked intruders. So far, so good.As the story goes on, however, it becomes clear that the film is going nowhere. Action is brutal and gory (that's fine), but terribly drawn-out and poorly edited. The confusing story (including the lengthy non-action opening scene that should be much shorter) doesn't make much sense. There is one decent car action sequence, but ... is Scott Adkins, a martial artist, hired for this?As you know, Van Damme, Adkins and Lundgren were also seen in "The Expendables 2." They are just part of the cast, but they did much better jobs there.
Kinda cute.
The previews/lead up to "The Event" were interesting and I was looking forward to a riveting, well thought out and well acted new series. Not so. This series is boring, the dialog is boring and the acting is double boring. The writers are trying to create an edge of your seat build up moment, but it falls completely flat and left me with not even a warmed over feeling.So not worth it. I will be very surprised if this lasts for more than 1 season. Flash Forward was way better and wasn't on for more than a season.
I love the idea, but I was underwhelmed by the result.  I love Supernatural shows, but the first thing I want to understand is the universe.  Is magic universally accepted or special to a select few?  How did these two come to learn about magic?  Are all Supernatural things in play (werewolves, witches, demons, vampires, etc.), or is it a select type of supernatural force that they're fighting?  I need foundation.
I was very much looking forward to this show!After 'The Tudors', 'The Borgia's', and so many other excellent historical shows
It is visually covert but not covert in the way we think of &#34;intelligence&#34; so its hard to understand and I lose interest quickly! The acting is really good but I'm not captivated at all because everyone is everyone's enemy. There is no structure between parties. Thinking that the creator made this concept up without enough thought put into it.
I imagine this is titled 360 because "Ring" and "It's a Small World" were already taken. 360 involves a number of disjointed stories that have a way of intersecting or not. There are many indie films out there that do this, some work better than others. The ones that work have quirky stories that hold our interest. This one does not. The stories consist of an escort, infidelity, a sex offender, a man looking for his missing daughter, and a Russian. There may be a few more.The Denver airport was filmed in Minnesota, apparently they figured no one travels enough to either place to notice. While the acting wasn't bad, the stories were presented in a mundane fashion. One of the problems with the film is that you know in advance the story will circle back so you spend your time concentrating on how it is going to do that rather than try to take in what is on the screen.If you like intersecting indie films, try Jason Freeland's "Garden Party" a modest production which I enjoyed more than this film.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex, and nudity. It had some of each, but really didn't dwell on it.
Pilot of the new Ironside has a new few twist to an old formula. Blair Underwood brings a nuance performance to the lead role. His cast of characters are good in their supporting roles. But overall their is nothing earth shattering or ground breaking about this series. With AMC, Netflix, HBO and Showtime raising the bar by challenging the audience it's become harder for network TV to compete.It's not impossible, CBS does a really good job with The Good Wife, Law and Order SVU does some risky things, and there are other shows out there ie The Vampire Diaries, Fringe, and The Following that while not my taste seem to have a large following. Ironside may be able to capture some of these people in the latter group. But unless is a slow night I think I'll take a pass-though I wish Underwood and the new crew the best of luck.
I was very disappointed in this movie. This thing is essentially a horror movie rather than a true sci-fi. Since it was released to On Demand on Oct. 31 which is Halloween, it falls into that category of a sci-fi/horror flick. So they have this alien bacteria that takes over people's bodies and they then go mad and into a killing spree, but the possessed bodies are almost impossible to kill. If I hadn't paid good money to watch this thing, I would have bailed after the first 20 minutes or so. And it only got worse from there. As far as I am concerned, this was a waste of my money and time.
Wasn't that bad.  The show really explains how superheros and comic books were invented throughout their history.  Was very informative.
At first this series had the right mixture of mystery, quirkiness, and, yes, gore.Now it appears intent on shocking for no reason significant to the story line. The characters, who have been developed over the first five or six episodes are taking center stage. The 'murders' are being solved within the first half-hour or so with the rest of the time devoted to further explorations of the angst of the core characters.I liked it better when the core characters were more peripheral to the plot line...
Bo is a supernatural, extraordinary girl with psychic powers. The problem is many groups and authorities are after her and each one of them wants to use her for their own devices wither it's evil or good. Now, Winter the closest thing Bo had to a father figure has been trying to protect her from falling in the wrong hands. In order to do so, he frees Tate an ex convict from Prison and asks him to guard Bo and make sure she stays safe.And so they hit the road, except it's really difficult for them to stay unnoticed considering how the police are looking for Tate and they are also looking for Bo. There's a lot of twists and turns into the story and it's only been 4 episodes out so far.Personally, this show isn't all terrible, it has it's decent moments it could be entertaining on a boring school/work night. However, the characters are so unlikable it's daunting and the plot isn't all that solid to compensate for that fact. Bo especially is the worse, she's very annoying and I have no idea why she even needs to be protected by anyone. Every single time they get into trouble or Tate gets almost caught by the police she seems very capable of helping herself and everyone around her out of the situation with her magical super powers. She also is extremely obnoxious and a know it all.Tate on the other hand is your typical bad boy image who is everything but ... I think the producers failed on creating that one. He's a criminal so obviously that gives him a sense of danger but he was also wrongfully accused and to be honest he seems so lost in the whole thing. Like he just doesn't know what he wants to do with his life.Winter is also annoying. He spends most of his time protecting Bo and he even quits from his job, isolates himself from his family just to protect Bo from those so called evil organisations that want her in their team. A bit too extreme? don't you think maybe he could've sent her some other country away from all of this instead of having to follow her around till eternity? I get he's doing the noble thing but his character is too good to be true.The rest of the cast are equally annoying.
I really wanted to like this, but the story development seemed dis-jointed and dull. The lead actor would have been excellent as a British spy, but he was playing a Frenchman and did not seem French. This made the whole thing unrealistic.
This show was a little too bizarre for me. If this woman was actually able to speak with the spirit world then why in the world wouldn't she simply ask the people coming out of the walls how they got there or speak with the children about how they died. Her detective partner did more work by visiting the local library and the neighbors then she did by standing in the basement making guesses and explaining she doesn't feel well.
This movie captures a good idea, but does so very poorly.  There are a couple good scenes here but they are largely outweighed by the bad and the very bad.  I give this two disfigured alien thumbs down.This found footage film opens with the following caption: &#34;The following is actual leaked footage from the US Air Force.&#34;  It's cute when obviously untrue stories masquerade as true stories just to add mood or generate buzz.  The Fourth Kind (2009) had people rushing to Google to check stats of people disappearing and FBI investigations in Gnome, Alaska.  They did it well.  Although that was about all they did well.&#34;For centuries, people have been disappearing on and around Brown Mountain, North Carolina.  Locals believe the disappearances are directly linked with sightings of THE BROWN MOUNTAIN LIGHTS.&#34;  News casts, accounts from locals and witnesses, and testimonials from paranormal experts follow.  These segments represent one of few things that were done well in this movie.A family goes on a camping trip in the Brown Mountains.  The parents and kids are somewhat likable, normal people and their trip is filmed by their youngest son.  On their first night, the kids see lights in the sky moving in a way no star possibly could.The acting is far from top notch.  When the father gets them lost and loses his temper his behavior is totally unfounded.  When they run out of gas (which I don't see happening on a family road trip into the mountains) the family tension escalates and the father becomes rage-y, again unconvincingly.  Then again, even if they nailed their lines, the writing wasn't great either.  They come by several abandoned minivans and SUVs&#8230;as if some camping family Rapture had taken them all, leaving their cars and camping gear behind like a scene from The Walking Dead but without the walkers or corpses.We come across all the standard alien invasion film tropes.  Birds becomes disoriented and fly into things creating jump scares, obscured film of extra terrestrial figures in the darkness, lights in the sky, satellite interference, alien mind control telepathy attacks a la Independence Day (1996), aliens examining humans, tractor beams, monstrous alien sounds&#8230;you name it, these filmmakers borrowed it.  Almost none of this is executed well.  But there is one really cool, brief scene in the entire movie when a tractor beam gets someone, cracking and contorting their body while being levitated.The aliens follow the most simple of paradigms.  They're tall, lanky, grey-skinned, big-eyed, four-fingered extra terrestrials that sound, at times, like the Predator (1987) mating with a velociraptor while slitting a pig's throat.  Later we hear them communicate with the bubbly blip sounds from Signs (2002).First-time director Matty Beckerman does a hardly serviceable job delivering an entertaining movie.  The biggest faults are clearly found in the writing (also done by a first-time writer) and acting, especially the loner mountain man the family encounters--worst performance in the movie by far.  There are some pacing issues as well, with some seriously dull lulls between periods of action.  This movie actually goes from okay, to bad as we transition from the first act.  It just seems to get worse and worse and the film wears on.Maybe I'd take a chance at whatever this director does next, but I won't get my hopes up.  At one point in the movie the mother describes Brown Mountain saying &#34;It's like Deliverance, minus the anal rape.&#34;  As far as my enjoyment of this movie goes&#8230;well&#8230; it's like Deliverance, with the anal rape.  There were short segments of this film that were done well, but too much was poorly for me to recommend this to anyone.
I enjoyed the first season of this show but this one about a Catholic run asylum I just couldn't stomach enough to even get past the third show.if next season is anything like this one count out this viewer.
I get a kick out of his energy and naive approach to life. His antics are fun and make me smile.
I watch it when nothing else is on. I would rate it with Michael J fox show and Crazy Ones it will make you laugh but its not amazing like The Millers or Modern Family those shows are way entertaining. The show is basically about a gay dude in his early 40's that has a daughter it shows the his relationship with his mother and co workers. Its marginally funny.
This series starts well, and for the first episodes promises to be a great Brit mystery / detective / serial killer story. The signs of the disaster are however there from the beginning--overacted, over-analyzed personal issues and relations, too many conflicts for a conflicted smart detective and a bunch of bad bosses. Once the thing starts to go down, it simply becomes painful to watch. The plot regarding the investigation, which is good, gets diluted amid unappealing and impossible to believe piles of personal drama. Mind you, the wife of the good detective starts overnight hating her beloved husband because he cannot solve a series of crimes in which the victims are women. This seem to clearly show her that he is a chauvinist who does not care about her. This silly plot line would have made some mild sense if it were not because the detective character not only seems not to be chauvinist but also is spending nights and weekends trying to solve the case, putting up with insufferable bosses, and ruining his career trying to solve the crimes. But the endless insane scenes of matrimonial fights are terrible and cut any mystery line. The fact that later the detective starts an affair with a female detective that, predictably, does not work and ends up involving more insufferable senseless relationship dialogues does not help. Neither does that every boss who is put in charge of the investigation is both and idiot and a bad police. I mean, of course no one will solve these crimes. The character are too occupied being miserable and boring to watch to get the job done.
Ryan Gosling is among my favorite actors and I thought he was brilliant as the bizarre David Marks.I did not like this movie probably because it's based on a true story and it's very disturbing andalarming.  I thought Kirsten Dunst was okay and Lily Rabe was excellent.  Having researched this storybefore watching the film, I still was not prepared for how difficult emotionally I would find it to be.
Cool but the first season was better.  Its dark.. Creepy.. And the characters develop well.  But I liked the ghosts.  The asylum is more twisted but less interesting.
Very humerous as expected, but a little flat at times.  Dawn French's character was way too over the top as usual.  that's the main reason I couldn't make it through all of the episodes.
Why are all vampire shows so serious and solemn all the time? After the twilight movies &  True Blood haven't we had enough brooding vampires, fighting with witches, or werewolves? I couldn't even watch the whole first episode because I felt like I'd already seen it!
Nymphomaniac:  Volume 2 was not where as good as Volume 1.  It was cringe-worthy, not entertaining.  See Nymphomaniac: Volume 1, skip Nymphomaniac: Volume 2.
I really hated this movie. All of the mopey sadness of a bad Tyler Perry movie. What's more significant is that my family, which is generally enthralled with all Tyler Perry productions, didn't like it either. Skip it
With the science experiments, this is reminiscent of a good number of shows on PBS, yet has a couple small bits of edginess with the bird poop and water balloon jokes that would feel right at home on Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network.Let's hope this develops its own style as time progresses.
Not as good as I anticipated, probably since I saw Homeland first.  Still watching season 1 so maybe things will get better.
Very cute.  Much shorter than I realized but worth the watch.  It is great for parents that want something short to settle the kids down before bed.
But I suppose this is great for tween girls. Or something. I was quite surprised at the general tackiness of the production value, the cheesy opening titles, and the poor quality of the writing.
Very average. Not very interesting at times. A lot of eye candy gets thrown in t keep your attention as the plot very slowly unfolds.
Be warned: some folks sense of humor can be maudlin.  And, as anyone can tell humor, humor is indeed a difficult concept.  It's certainly one that doesn't always translate (or transmit) well from person to person: what one person finds funny, another finds depressing.  Such is life, and such is the case with STRUCK BY LIGHTNING, GLEE's Chris Colfer's debut project.  Colfer wrote and headlined the picture, and, while I've no problems whatsoever with his acting chops, methinks his script could've used a bit more maturity in order to graduate from class.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last two paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)Here, let me spoil it for you: high school senior Carson Phillips (played by Colfer) is dead.  In case you missed it in the title, he's the one who's been struck by lightning.Now, before you get all high and mighty on me, let me remind you that (A) my second paragraph already spelled out the fact that there would be spoilers and (B) if you're at all interested in this film, then you'll know only a few minutes in much the same: Phillips is dead, and he's narrating his story for the audience in flashback because - as a precocious and world-weary spirit at his ripe young age - he has lessons he feels need to be imparted to you, the viewer.See what I did there?  I did exactly what Colfer does with the `moral to his story': he delivers the impact right outta the gate, and then he spends 84 minutes proselytizing about how life ain't fair, how high school sucks, how parents are incompetent, and how you'd better live a life of dreams before it's too late.  And I did it in only a handful of paragraphs.  Now, I've save you 84 minutes you can use for actually achieving some of your life's goals.  You can thank me later.That's what I mean about `humor.'  What works in STRUCK are the niceties - the little things - the quirks of young relationships; the stereotypical talking heads that populate a young person's life (especially the school guidance counselor who's more interested in securing a complimentary, free juice cup than she is concerned about your future); and the like.  Colfer hasn't quite experienced a full life, and, unfortunately, his script revolves around the very basic observations of a relatively young man.  That isn't a bad thing; it's just limiting.  That's why STRUCK is also populated by bad or tragically flawed adults that take the shape of a wryly comic but still abusive mother (has Allison Janney skills for anything else?), a dismissive father (Dermot Mulroney), and a school receptionist who's possibly part pedophile.There are plenty of other television stars packed in here - to the gills! - including Christina Hendricks, Sarah Hyland, and Angela Kinsey.  To Colfer's credit, he does give everyone a good moment or two, which gives the picture a nice touch.  Unfortunately, the fully advertised premise of the film - that Carson is intent on extorting his fellow high schoolers in order to get what he wants - doesn't begin until halfway through the run-time, and, as a result, STRUCK feels like it was struck by lightning all a little too late.An impressive first attempt, but I'll be expecting better the next time out.STRUCK BY LIGHTNING is produced by Permut Presentations, Camellia Entertainment, Evil Media Empire, and Inphenate.  DVD distribution is being handled by New Video.  As for the technical specifications, the film is extremely well-made with crisp images, fairly predictable cinematography, and excellent sound work.  As for the special features, there are a few, including a behind-the-scene short, an interview with Colfer and director Brian Dannelly, bloopers (17 minutes worth!), and a few deleted scenes.  It's a nice package - all of them are worth a look - so everyone involved should be commended.RECOMMENDED.  STRUCK BY LIGHTNING is a far cry from the zeitgeist works of John Hughes.  Hughes near-definitive take on being adolescent in such films as PRETTY IN PINK, SIXTEEN CANDLES, and THE BREAKFAST CLUB appear to be fairly safely mounted on their respective pedestals if Colfer's work is any indication; and that's actually quite sad.  Much of Colfer's script is winning - he admirably captures the sensibilities of the small-town boy with the big-city dreams and fairly consistently tweaks the basic high school archetypes (prom queen, cheerleader, athletes, druggies, nerds, etc.); the problem is - as most Hollywood creations do - he's also intent on smothering all of the good under the typical Tinseltown indictments of middle America (mom's a closeted substance abuser, dad's a deadbeat loser, principals don't give two squirts about students, etc.) the way a good Progressive/Liberal does.  Nice try, son, but maybe you should stick to singing.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at New Video provided me with a DVD copy of STRUCK BY LIGHTNING by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
I really like most medical dramas (thanks ER), but this one was missing something ... The main character was hard to watch and her need for attention from her best friend is ... Well ... Annoying.
I though it was well done. it was sad to see Paul Walker in one of his last movies to be made.
A fun show with some very good acting, but predictable plot and story line. deserved another season to allow the writers to add more depth and to get away from the good guys vs bad guys theme.
What a waste of money this show is.  Its more about a naked blond than any real story line at all.
It was pretty good somewhat scary but still not one of the ones I would want to see again. Sorry
Wanted something to watch when I needed a short break.  Found it to be a little dry at first, but the more I watch, the more I learn. Not bad!
i enjoyed it i guess, but the characters are all such card board cut out stereotypes it was almost painful
Okay, this is very well written and acted but the character of Hannibal is so evil and depraved that I never want to watch another episode.
not funny - not silly - just stupid - really a waste of time if you watch this show .
LOVE the show, but went elsewhre to watch. even premium  members are charged additional to watch . could watch on another site for FREE and saw no need to stay her and pay to watch..
If you've been watching this show, you know that its always been a bit of a mixed bag. There's some good action, and some of the best effects work on TV, but then there's also sappy family drama stuff that seems like it should be in an ABC Family after school special. If you're OK with that, then this season is more of that. On the plus side, this season adds Doug Jones, and reminds you why he's one of the best creature actors around.
The plot is always the same, never changes!  We are tired of this show.  Best try something else!  Good luck, not recommended for pre 16 year olds.
I enjoyed it,  The actors work hard; but I felt it never quite came together.  Perhaps it gets better in the later episodes.  I would recommend it, especially for people that are fans of Judi Dench.  She carries the series.
It's a twist on the tv fireplace thing and strangely fascinating.  Very cute idea!  Six more words required to end.
It looks like an interesting show but I don't understand why it isn't available online.I hope the sheriff isn't dead.
I want to like this, I really do. I grew up with Marvel comics when they were 25 cents and less. This show, man this show. Colson's character isn't strong. I feel like I'm watching a USA Network version of CSI Marvel. One cameo of Fury, nothing else.  It's hollow, the two best characters are the scientists. The "me" generation hacker chick, come on... Someone please take the helm on this thing and deliver some real content.  I'm actually upset I spent money on the whole season.  Colson hasn't even driven the damn Corvette but once.  S*** give me something for Christ's sake. No way I'm renewing if this crap bonanza keeps going, no way.  If this was a pile of s*** it wouldn't even stink.
"Brake" is another in a recent string of claustrophobic thrillers set entirely in one small confined space. Instead of the "buried alive" aspect, though, the hero of this piece is locked into a transparent box and held in the trunk of a vehicle. And as he tries to figure out just what is going on, it seems that the outside world is alive with terror plots and conspiracies. Just why is this guy locked up? Who is doing it? And what do they need from him? These are the questions that Stephen Dorff wrestles with as he remains the sole character on screen for the entire length of the movie. When the audience is trapped with the film's protagonist in a stagnant space, there is a tendency (if not done correctly) for the picture to get monotonous. "Brake" does a serviceable job of keeping things interesting, but mostly because it adds dangers that are patently ridiculous.Slight Spoilers:I mean really, who would believe that ANYONE would be carrying around a load of bees?And the box has the capacity to fill with liquid in the trunk of a car? Where's it coming from?End of Slight SpoilersReally, though, I didn't expect too much from "Brake." I just wanted to be entertained. The movie starts with an intriguing premise so I overlooked many of the wild plot developments because I was genuinely interested to see where this journey would take me. While not exactly riveting throughout, it made for a perfectly passable popcorn movie. Dorff seems to be taking on more and more of these direct-to-DVD type roles (although this had a small release, it feels direct-to-DVD) and I'm not sure why. He's actually quite good here as he becomes increasingly unhinged. And he is the absolute center of the piece. Although the movie boasts names such as Tom Berenger and Chyler Leigh, they get but a moment of screen time. No, this is Dorff talking on a CB radio followed by Dorff talking on a cell phone followed by Dorff talking through a tube. I think you get the idea, it's all Dorff!The principle storyline revolves around a political conspiracy and, never for a minute, did I believe any of it. Still, I'd have rated this 3 (possibly 3 1/2) stars if not for the ending. You think the rest of the movie is silly? Just wait for the twists (there are more than one, that's all I say). Any goodwill I had toward "Brake" flew out the window with these nonsensical revelations. They turn this mildly engaging movie into one of the most frustrating experiences I've had in a while. None of these last minute twists can withstand even the slightest intellectual scrutiny and the definitely put the brakes on my enjoyment of the movie! KGHarris, 7/12.
Good character but plot and writing (not that I am an expert by no means) not as interesting as other new potential series.
The movie itself is good, but the story has been done before from a hit film in the 1980's.  If the story was original or at least from an obscure forgotten novel or episode than I would have given it five stars.[pjt]
Very disappointing episode that totally lacks what made the show funny. The writing was very poor, and the failed attempt to be funny was all put into the plot.  Comedy is always funniest when it's character driven as much of the earlier episodes are. In addition to the poor writing, the episode is dragged down by the dead weight that goes by the name of DeVito.  Compare any episode of Season 1 (which was blessedly DeVito-free) to any subsequent episode you wish and the season 1 episode comes out on top. The cast (minus Dead Weight DeVito) is extremely talented and their creation of season 1 was fresh with a Gen-X sarcasm, and consistently laugh out loud funny. In that first year, Glenn Howerton can make you laugh with a mere look in close up. But with season two came the addition of Dead Weight Devito, whose comedy is tired old-school broad sitcom comedy. It doesn't match the sensibility of the other four actors or their characters and the longer the series went on with DeVito, the more it sunk towards his sitcom level. This episode hits that rock bottom.
I enjoy watching Tosh.0 but the first season just didn't have very good material. His later seasons get much funnier.
This is an ok show, a bit too much Sopranos lite biker edition without the strong lead(s). Just because a guy looks menacing doesn't mean he doesn't have to be that way.I thought the female lead was pretty good, probably the most believable part of this show.I like the way it depicts how mc's are in fact OC, just more adapted to the modern world than the cosa nostra is. So RICOH makes sense, I'm not sure if that's been tried against them in the real world. They have the obvious advantage of fixing/building motorcycles. It does a good job depicting how a lot of people leave their hometowns to get away from things, etc.I don't get the whole theme of Jacks' fathers manuscript, there are no specifics and it is never realized how it makes a difference in the plot. I'm watching season 2 and it still seems to have no relevance. The way they set it up it seemed like every episode was going to be an object lesson in Jacks' rebellion, never happened.Season 2 is just more of the same, I usually like shows more as they go along or they get better, it's the opposite with this show. I don't think I'll make it past season 2, like LOST, unless it gets better.-It's way too unrealistic depicting hardened criminals. These are not family men or honor bound people they are criminals. This whole family of outlaws is so naive and silly. Boyscouts these are not. THERE"S NO CODE FOR CRIMINALS PERIOD-Please stop the musical montages, they are so shrill and overdone. I cringe and hit fast forward.-It's really silly the way the Police chief goes over and above just doing business with his business partners, the Sons.-Neither of the 2 male lead characters are that strong or believable. Jacks is usually the smallest guy in the room and dresses like a teenager. Usually the smallest guys in that situation are the most extreme or smartest, he's neither. Clay is smug and seems like a grandpa more than anything.
This movie was so slow I had to turn it off. It had bad acting and the storyline was slow as molasses.
A bit obtuse as to plot, but interesting and tightly woven nontheless.  However, sometimes it is hard to figure out each persons place in the ovr rall storyline.
(Spoiler alert)When Rick and the Governor were locked in a final tussle, they were (unknown to the characters) battling for the entertainment value of the series. If one lives, the series stays awake, as it had been for two great episodes. If the other lives, it goes back to sleep. The trusty Gov' had already beheaded the second-most annoying character in our cast; now he was on the verge of truly freeing us from earnest tragic overload...But they KILLED him off. When it began, "Walking Dead" was great fun, because it reveled in the things that a good horror story can do. The guy trapped under the tank surrounded by zombies was just what we want with our popcorn. But it slowly morphed into this preachy tale of whining, goody-goody characters who are always worried about morality. These solemn, sermonizing bores. Horror is supposed to set us free, by loosing our demons. We want mayhem. We want people to do the wrong things for the wrong reasons. We want the savage battle of the instinctual. Let's face it, normal life is so stifling; we civilized folks have to hide our inner thoughts and desires, but in good horror stories they are given free rein and we can relax and laugh at how awful we just might be. The Governor was the only character who made this series feel alive. When he came back on the scene, we were enthralled, because we never know what he will do next - but we know it will be ruthless, amoral, and will serve his compulsion to defend HIS people against anyone else's people.So they kill him off, apparently because "right" must win. He should have mowed down the whole tiresome Rick community, taken over the prison, and then eventually been annihilated by some bigger force -- either a more powerful "Governor" type or a plague of zombies. He can die in the end (like Mr. Hyde, like the werewolf in so many movies, like Dracula) but WHEN he dies, that has to be it. That's a wrap. Curtains. Instead we have the always sad, solemn, struggling, pathetic, moral, but above all boring Rick leading us into ever more maudlin pathways.The premise of the walking dead, after all, is preposterous. That brain tissue in this kind of dilapidated state, let alone starved for any nourishment, could animate a human body is beyond silly. And that's fine, that's what makes it okay to let our demons romp. But to try to stitch a serious story to such a premise is really inept. You can't have people agonizing over fine moral dilemmas and then going down to the fence to stab rotting heads with sticks. Please, writers, get it together. The premise just won't bear this pretentious level of drama. You have to keep a certain tongue in cheek.If I want Kumbaya, agonized soul-searching, or a pep talk for the United nations, I'll watch a documentary or a drama. But this is horror. This is sacred fictional ground. We have to giggle as we scream. And you guys have muffed it badly.
VERY MINOR SPOILERS:Al Capone and the Chicago Mob.  Lucky Luciano and the 5-Families in NYC.  Media has done a great job of illustrating organized crime in 2 of the 3 major US cities.  From Boardwalk Empire to Billy Bathgate, NYC and Chicago have been covered.  Much less is known about the early days of organized crime in LA.  While there was big budget production about Bugsy Siegel, it mainly covered his relationship with Virginia Hill and the construction of The Flamingo in Las Vegas.So kudos to TNT for taking on this project.  However, sometimes a good idea, simply does not result in good execution.  I wracked my brain to come up with the correct descriptor for why the production value didn't work for me.  Overly dramatic, not gritty, too staged?1.) Sid Rothman (Robert Knepper) is a fictional character.  Were there so few bad guys in LA in the 40's & 50's that for production value, one had to be made up?2.) While I generally like Edward Burns, I couldn't see him as a Jewish gangster.  Also, Siegel had what amounted to a 6th grade education and while he might have been suave, I can't imagine that he had much of a vocabulary3.) Ned Stax (Milo Ventimiglia) is another made up character and I have not generally liked Milo Ventimiglia in any of his prior roles4.) The violent scenes all came off as too stagedNoticeably absent from my commentary is John Bernthal as Detective Joe Teague.  Mr. Bernthal might have been more engaging were the show's title "Mob City Zombies"Metacritics gave Mob City a Metascore of 63 (based on 32-reviews), which is probably about right to a tad generous.  With a number of TV series concluding their mid-season run, there are worse options.
After watching season 1, 2, and 3 it seemed that 4, 5, and 6 were a let down. I don't know if it's because I watched them in a relatively short time, but the last 3 seasons left me missing the first three. The acting was fine...maybe I just missed the characters.
Same story line. Interesting cultural shift and scenic locale. Seems the &#34;Murder Plot&#34; will never grow old. Yada, Yada, Yada.
Too much reality...did not watch but 10 minutes....not my kind of show. There is nothing more to say. Really, really.
Annoying, self-important characters except for the father (a very good actor no matter what he is in). A show that panders to Gen-X. Plods along at an equally self-important pace, smug to say the least. Sure to capture a girl on girl demographic as well. Probably the end result of a linear optimization exercise to try and pander to all demographics hoping that something will stick.
I would rather eat toe jam football from the south end of a northbound rhino, or smell the breath of a stank, non brushed whino, and that would all be just fine'o, rather than ever watch this movie again!!!! Not even close to Hostel, or Saw quality....save your money folks!!!!
The previews led me to watch this because I like the premise and I love Delroy Lindo. But even Delroy is not worth watching in this... I couldn't even understand what he was saying most of the time.The pilot was just done wrong. It seems like someone had a great idea but didn't know how to write the story... thinking the great idea would just MAKE the show good. Sloppy. Lazy.The young actress is good. She has a nice screen presence. The co-star playing her father is a bad actor. I've seen him in other things and he's always &#34;acting like an actor.&#34; He is not enjoyable to watch. His only emotion is some over-the-top bad-guy-that-takes-no-responsibility-for-his-life.I don't understand why they even put this show out there. I can't see it getting better with the lead actor they've cast.I Believe, in the pretty little actress. That's all the show has going for it. Regroup. Re-cast. Hire some writers.I tried to give it two stars... I couldn't do it because it is something I don't want to watch again.
I do not usually like 'reality shows', but this one makes me laugh.  Very canned and scripted.  Good clean fun.
These documentaries are of past crimes back in the 50' and even older. Good mysteries.
Been here and done that with this series type ala NCIS 1, 2, 3, 4, ad infinitum.  The saving grace for this police procedural  is the always imminently watchable Titus Welliver who brings a certain weight to this role that he brings to every role.  He was able to make me interested in his backstory, though.  All in all I felt that there wasnt anything here that I havent seen in countless other cop dramas.
Okay, the idea, behind the movie, is fine, in fact awesome.  Anyone who is a fan of sci-fi, real, or make believe, would enjoy it.  The way it was basically filmed is okay.  Just talking about the method, I don't have a problem with.  However, I immediately have issue with the entire tone of the movie.  From the start, its very depressing, and it never quite gets away from it.  If you can get by this, or perhaps it doesn't bother you, you will probably find it a good movie.  It doesn't have the over done special effects like most movies, which was fine.  The story line is basically pretty tame too, but probably more real.  They didn't add a lot of BS human drama, either (thats a plus).  Its a fairly solid, down to earth movie (but you know, in space).  However, for me again, a bit on the depressing side, and the music didn't help.
This is a reasonably well developed drama set in a post apocalyptic community called &#34;Defiance&#34; centered in what used to be St Louis.  This community (Defiance) includes several alien species coexisting with humans - and the drama is set from there.The backdrop story is Earth was invaded, terra-formed and then the invading species were defeated.  However, Earth was forever changed, and several other alien species were left stranded on Earth and had to learn to coexist amongst themselves and with the remaining humans.  Survival is a struggle, and the areas outside remote communities (like Defiance) are called &#34;bad lands&#34; and are infested with deadly invasive alien monsters.  Defiance and communities like it are like wild west shanty towns.  Interspecies in-fighting, political power struggles and romantic interludes are the common threads woven in this drama.  Entertaining and worth the view.
I have no opinion of the video, since I couldn't get it to play on my pc.  sorry!  I'm still trying to resolve whether it was a wireless issue, a spooling issue, or a video streaming issue.
I SAW this lame movie in  pre-screen in HD-MOVIESBah, where to begin? The film starts off strong with a good scary set up, but the story of mass disappearances of people when they are in darkness goes nowhere. We waited all 90 minutes for some explanation; even some guesses by the remaining few who have found one another, but none came. The characters are completely uninspired and even when they learn that they will die if it goes dark, they dont take even the most basic steps to survive (candles? gas lamps?). Frustrating, as this could have been an interesting movie, even scary, but its as if the writer & director had an idea for a piece of a movie, but never developed the plot. Its ninety minutes of whispers I exist and dark shadow creeping up on people to take them away and pretty much nothing else.  i recommend as just STUPID & WASTED MY TIME!!!!!  D
Not my cup of tea.  Used as background noise while using my PC mostly.  I really don't think casting a British &#34;pretty boy&#34; as a Maine outdoors &#34;man&#34; fit the part either.
Very disappointing in the movie now. Plenty of great effects but not a great story or acting or anything. Just thought it would be much better.
I am just not a fan,and think of this along with many other &#34;popular&#34; shows like Sponge Bob as toilet humor tv. Mindless, check. Ridiculously irritating, check. Perfect for the dumb masses, check!
I hope, if there is a season 2, it is better than the first.  Don't get me wrong.  This show is kind of cool, but not unique.  The characters?  I'm not a huge fan of these guys.  They work harder than I could, but I just didn't feel the connection with them.  Tim, the boss, is not the most likable guy.  Anyway, the show is worth watching for the first few episodes, but not a whole lot progresses.  You will get the idea of the struggles and failures and successes they encounter.  Then skip to the 3rd to last episode where something actually happens.  Then skip to the last episode for the final result.  You will save a lot of time by doing it.  And, if they have a season 2, you will know whether or not you'd be interested in seeing it.  I would.  I think they could come back be get more gold next time around.  I hope.  I'd hate to watch another season where all they do is struggle and fail.
Pointless in the very end is all I can say about Pompeii. It really just seemed to go nowhere while trying to mix the ancient times stuff with the &#34;Oh no, it's gonna blow&#34; stuff.
At first I was intrigued. Strangers trapped in a locked parking lot, no electricity, isolated from the rest of the city.  Then they got out and the storyline was downhill after that.The acting got worse. I'm no prude but the consistent use of the F word was both annoying and unnecessary. I wanted to stop watching  but I suffered through, hoping it might get better. And the ending was just stupid - no lead up to the last &#34;character,&#34;Bottom line is Chris Carter seems to be playing the same note and without Fox and Dana that note is not sounding good at all.
Is this really all that Coppola can do anymore?  This is hardly a story and it wastes Elle Fanning completely.  Something about a writer and the ghost of Poe and a haunting.  You can barely follow it and it is dull as well.
When all they do is make shows about politics it gets really boring really fast! They need to focus on relationships more. The political agendas get pushed so hard it's tedious to watch! Also the guardian angel was a total joke! They should have brought back Fred!  He was the best! Her new angel was annoying and was always trying to get attention by not having clothes on, ok we get it already you think your hot get over yourself!!! SERIOUSLY DISAPPOINTING!!!
Did not care for the story line.  The series was too far out to be realistic.  Just not my kind of movie.
If you have a smidgen of intelligence this movie will be sure to insult it.  The stupidest characters + a stupid script = a complete waste of time.  [And I'm an Ashley Judd fan but I sure wouldn't buy her facial products based on how she looked through this movie.]Yes, there IS a little bit of a surprise at the end of the movie that will make some idiots think this was a real "smart" movie - but they'd be wrong, and getting to that surprise end is just soooo NOT WORTH IT.
This show has a few things going for it. Piper Perabo (playing the principle character: 'Annie' Walker) is very sexy, and the producers aren't afraid to show her in some sexy clothing and poses that make me... Christopher Gorham (playing 'Augie' Anderson) is also quite sexy (for the ladies) and once again the revealing outfits and workout scenes are abundant. The costumes, locations, sets and props are superb. It's a very stylish show, with high production value. The music (especially the title track by Flint Eastwood) is killer and the overall production value superb.  The problem with this show? The writing; specifically the portrayal of the CIA (and other intelligence agencies). The show routinely shows CIA agents conducting covert ops inside the U.S., targeting U.S. persons for ops, breaking various laws, acting in irresponsible and illegal ways. Their interaction with other intelligence agencies is always competitive, antagonistic and marked by direct competition. The ignorance (or is it disinformation?) regarding U.S. intelligence agencies (do five minutes of research on Google, why don't you?!) is disturbing, insulting, and distracting. The acting ranges from fair to downright abysmal - If Christopher Gorham is supposed to play a blind person why is he constantly dodging furniture, doorways and objects directly in his path? Is the director awake during the shoot? I don't think I'll make it beyond season two. It's fun to watch for a season or two (I saw season one as well), but ultimately this show will run out of steam.
While the acting was pretty good, the film was on the boring side.  If you are a science geek, there isn't any science to it.  On their last day, one of the crew members discovers evidence of microbial life.  (Look at a slide of a soil sample where you can see evidence that there has been microbial life present.)  He lies about a sensor being offline in order to go out and get a sample.  It wasn't clear why he had to lie.The earth cracks, and he falls in and dies/becomes infected.  There isn't much to the film after that.  In angry zombie style, the infected crew member tracks down, attacks, and infects the other infected crew members.
It is quite disturbing , for multiple reasons . The story is from a kid who just happens to be a preachers kid ( oh , just what are the odds of that ) and it's clear the dad had means , motive and opportunity to convince the kid that he had been to other worlds . I don't know about the right wing but centuries of science hasn't shown any evidence of an afterlife and believing this kids dad brainwashing him is just as realistic as an afterlife . The fact that Hollywood is giving this guy what he wanted is repulsive . The religious right is repulsive for being so desperate to brainwash a kid . Hence this is where their arrogance shows . It's okay for them to take , shall we say , an extreme stance because of course , there're right and you're wrong . How does anyone make such a call . The mission of the hardcore church is the product of powerful egos . It's the greed of the industry which thrives hypocrisy . Which industry . That question is to be answered , albeit easily , by yourself .
See the expression on this main character's face.  It NEVER changes.  Boring!!  No wonder it was taken off the air.
I watched the Pilot of PARKS AND RECREATION and was not impressed, so I didn't keep watching. I inadvertently watched a couple of episodes of Season Two and realized that the show had gotten better. I decided to go back and watch Season One before watching the parts of Season Two that I hadn't yet seen. Doing so largely confirmed what I had already thought: Season One simply wasn't very good. It was not without interest and some good moments, but for the mot part the season was, frankly, pretty dull. But having seen parts of Season Two, I know it gets better so I waited the show out.If anyone enjoys Season One, then they will enjoy Season Two considerably more. If you don't like Season Two, neither did I. Wait it out and it will get better. One of the problems in Season One is that there is no real chemistry among the cast. It doesn't mesh very well and frankly most of them are not especially interesting. And sometimes the humor gets a bit harsh. I don't like it when the humor progresses by humiliating the key characters, like CURB YOUR ENTHUSIASM always does and THE OFFICE sometimes does. The second episode of the show features a public meeting in which Leslie gets pummeled by local residents over the proposal to fill in a neighborhood pit and put a park in its place. This did not make me laugh or smile. It just made me cringe and feel a tad uncomfortable.So, not a strong start to the series, but luckily it got better.
I chose this show for my child to watch while he visited me at the hospital without having him get bored and getting into trouble. He liked it and it kept him entertained. He is almost 13, and like most boys his age,  watching three beautiful mermaids live in today's world while keeping a secret identity, and in bikinis bot only entertain him, but also fed his fertile mind about what other marine creatures could hide in our world's deepest oceans.
It's a little slow; but, picks up a little towards the end.  If you like Dempsey or Judd, you'll probably like the movie.
Having watched the Australian original series, I find it much better and the Australian Rake more authentic than portrayed by Kinnear.  They have made use of the original scripts but with a little bit of their own spin and the episodes having been getting better, but I think this is one show that won't and really should not be renewed.
I won't go into too much detail but I will say this....very interesting historical bit that I never knew. Northerners that were against the Civil War Called Copperheads. More history channel than movie to me. not for everyone, but interesting.
The Lifetime original movie Abducted: The Carlina White Story is based on a remarkable true story that made headlines twice. Carlina White knows something is very wrong when she can't develop a deep bond with her mother.
This work goes into how a free woman could marry and stay with a husband who has life in prison.  To each their own.  I wish the two of them the best.  However, one thing didn't sit well with me.The wife wants to have a biological child with her husband.  If Florida doesn't allow conjugal visits, then why would they allow semen to travel across the prison walls?  I believe the Supreme Court said marriage is a fundamental right; however, the same is not absolute about procreation.  Let's face it: most children raised in a house with one income with a parent that will never be free will likely face lots of poverty.  Further, sexual violations and drugs are common in prisons.  What if the man-goo has a disease in it?  What if a woman like Octomom wants to keep having children with an incarcerated husband.  The money it would take to raise these kids would have to come from our state, aka our tax dollars.  Further, I think criminologists could argue that in the same way that the punishment of prison involves not having contact with the opposite sex; along those lines perhaps prisoners forfeit their ability to reproduce.  There are already far more than 1 million children with incarcerated parents alive; they face circumstances that are not easy.  Further, Mrs. Bailey proves that she has a big heart; a parentless child already alive could greatly benefit from having her as a parent, or foster parent.In short, this woman's wish is just NOT going to happen.  It would set a very dangerous and costly parent.  I identify as a political progressive.  I sympathize with the folk in prison.  But this reproducing is just not going to happen and prison wives need to just accept that.
because, as one of the extra bits shows the storyline was starting to take a very dark turn. Another complaint I have is the introduction of several new characters, never to be heard from in following seasons. Claire Benet.'s flying boyfriend?, watch him here- he's not in 3rd season, no explanation. Wasn't the son of Ali Larter's character named Micah?, his Black relatives are introduced here, not one word about any of them next season.I have a feeling that if this season had gone full length the series might've had an even shorter run.
Once again, Follywood takes a decent novel and moves the plot far, far, far away from the author's original concept and writings. I would normally state that is all it takes for a series to sound the death knell; however, as Stephen King was also a producer, one can only think he was looking at his checking account and not the script. The best actor of the bunch &#34;died&#34; in Episode 1, so there really is no need to tune in any further.
I found this show so unappealing I couldn't stand to waste my time on the whole thing--in an effort to be fair I skipped ahead to various points, but it only got worse.  Potty humor for grownups is funny? Life would have to be REALLY boring to make this interesting to me--and fortunately life isn't.
Same basic premise. Evil genius collecting special people for their nefarious purposes. Parent/child narrowly escaping, helping people (paranormally) along the way. &#34;Good&#34; guys trying to help them, etc... Same show, different cast & backstory.
This season seems oh so very slow. At times you just wanted things to go. But instead you got them on some cray farm arguing with the owners about dong harm. Plus how many aliens can want Earth all at the same time? After so many years of nothing, they just all pop up in their prime. Good to pass the time though and a decent show.
Suckage, and deserving of no more commentary.  If you have no life, this might interest you a little bit. But even then, not so much.
It would be zero, but apparently you cant do that, so this gets a one star.  I honestly wanted to like this show, because it has a pretty funny cast, but this show is one of the worst things I have ever seen.
&#8220;V/H/S&#8221; is a found-footage anthology that comprises six horror shorts: &#8220;Tape 56&#8221; &#8220;Amateur Night&#8221; &#8220;Second Honeymoon&#8221; &#8220;Tuesday the 17th&#8221; &#8220;The Sick Thing That Happened to Emily When She Was Younger&#8221; and &#8220;10/31/98.&#8221; Actually, &#8220;Tape 56&#8221; is a &#8220;frame story&#8221; (directed by Adam Wingard, &#8220;You&#8217;re Next&#8221;) that links other five short movies &#8211; five short horrors that are mildly entertaining but not exactly scary.Let us forget the film&#8217;s contrived premise. A group of young men videotaping their criminal activities (who doesn&#8217;t?) breaks into an old man&#8217;s house looking for a certain video tape. What they found is a dead body and a stack of old VHS tapes.That&#8217;s silly, but still OK. Sadly, what follows is not really impressive, either. I hate to reveal much about the stories of each segment, so let me just say that though some of the shorts have nice ideas &#8211; and gory deaths and some naked women &#8211; none of them has managed to fully develop them into a compelling narrative.In short, the 116 minute film feels long with largely boring shaky cam footage.
The Movie Fargo was unequivocally 5 star cinema. The TV version is a derivative of that film, so it has quite a challenge to live up to. All in all, compared to the film, I would give it close to 3.5 stars and improving, especially with episode 6. Despite all the extra time to fill, the masks of evil portrayed are overtly simplified rather than fleshed out. Instead, the extra hours are crafted to showcase acts of violence: violence that is varyingly diabolical, cruel, collateral and/or tragic.  I concede that the characters killed in graphic detail are those that are drawn as idiotic cartoon characters, while animals (a dog, a deer and fish) and "innocents" have been the spared the lewd blood gushing effects. However, from my viewpoint, all this violence does not intrigue, it repulses.Fargo's "good" and lovable characters, Molly and Gus, have short quirky chats over meals and coffee. Imagining what's going on inside their heads is my favorite aspect of the series. Colin Hanks played a not wildly dissimilar character as a Dallas P.D. cop in a short-lived TV comedy 3 or 4 years ago, so he feels like an old friend. Mr Hanks is perfectly cast here, as is newcomer Allison Tolman as a heartfelt and intelligent Molly. Martin Friedman, whose central portrayal of Lester Nygaard is also excellent, despite being hard to feel much sympathy for until episode 5 (when his propensity for being a victim hovers on terminal). At the close of episode 6, Mr. Friedman has the truly brilliant understated acting moment of the series, smiling to himself as he sits rigidly on his hospital bed.Billy Bob Thornton plays Malvo (short for malevolent?) mostly in deadpan, but becomes astutely animated in a wicked bit as "The Pastor". As the most deadly of human animal species (the brilliant sociopath), Malvo seems invincible, like a human "terminator". He appears to have no urges that amount to weakness or even vague pleasure. (I don't think we've even seen him with a cup of coffee).  I guess he's been too caught up in honing his talents: tracking "prey", murder, , etc., and in the rare spare moment he humiliates random strangers. (What a fun guy.) While I think Thornton's portrayal of the aloof Malvo is uncanny, I wish the scripting could add as much as Thorton's acting.The episodes have been hurt by lewd clownish villains, preposterous details of Malvo's "biblically styled" terrors, and full-screen grisly portraits of murder victims. Very low common denominator stuff.Still, the acting makes this show worth watching.
I usually like the paranormal shows but this one was just bad.  The Wraith how bad can an interview be?  The whole story and the acting was very much lacking in everything.  Definitely not worth spending time watching and I want my 1.99 back.  This is the first time I really disliked something bad enough to write a negative review.  Don't waste time...there are much better shows out there.
Just an OK show not really my type. However, I can see how others would like it.  The plot moves slow.
Watching this once was once more than I should have.  Is this the way people live in California?  No way I would watch any more of this.  Wish some of the stuff that was Transparent would have been more opaque
I don't know of any heterosexual man who is not a Scarlett Johansson fan, but I could be wrong.  This may be rare, but I buy/watch movies based on the actors/actresses rather than the plot.  Obviously, it's hit or miss since not all can be blockbusters.  This one was definitely a miss.  As some posters have already mentioned, there is very little dialogue, a whole lot of SJ looking blankly into space, heavy Scottish accents, and unfortunately a lot of nude men scenes.  The only consolation was that SJ displayed herself in all her glory in a few scenes.  I understand that the female alien role, that SJ played, had a self awareness awakening towards the end, but the journey getting there was excruciating and the ending landed with a dull thud.I must add that the Scottish landscapes and other scenes of life in the UK were spot on.  I lived in the UK for 5 years and it brought back many memories of the mostly dismal weather and the Mom and Pop grocery stores complete with bland food - God Bless America!Unfortunately, I'm not an indie movie fan and cannot recommend this movie even for rental.  If I could rate this movie with half a star, I would.  Save your money.
This movie has problems and I will admit that the creators of this show could have corrected them and even did a better job.  But this series is okay once you get right down to it.It has a nice, fresh take on the story of Beauty & the Beast and even manages to provide suspense as well.  The romance does get somewhat boring in a few areas but it manages to development (unlike a few tv series that I know of) and even get interesting.  Even most of the characters are okay and interesting.If you are into the suspense, romance, twists and turns, and even &#34;Beasty&#34; then this series might be what you are looking for.
From the moment the first terrible song began (off key), the treacle began.  Couldn't finish it.  If you're the type of person who would watch this regularly, my God prevent us from ever hanging out...
Not real impressed with a cartoon that has an udder on a male bovine. Typical uninteresting and dull cartoon: snooze
Light-hearted comedy would have to see how the story line develops.  Might become redundant over time.  It has possibilities.  Need to see more episodes.
ordinarily I love British comedy but there was really nothing funny that I could find in this sitcom. . .
There will be some people who instantly dismiss the low budget shocker "Would You Rather" based on its rather unpleasant conceit. Indeed, the movie was brutalized by most mainstream critics upon its release. It currently averages a dismal 20 out of 100 possible points on the review aggregate site Metacritic. Despite this fact, I was never deterred by its ghoulish premise. I embraced it and it was a major selling point! I'm not squeamish, I welcome an experience that will shock and disturb me. Truthfully, I didn't hate "Would You Rather." I did, however, feel that it fell far short of its potential. At 2 1/2 stars, I'm giving credit to one of the B-movie greats. Jeffrey Combs (always the Re-Animator in my heart) gives an unexpected and offbeat performance as a bored millionaire that uses real people in his sadistic entertainment. He made me laugh on occasion and his interactions with his staff and his son are quite funny (although to be fair, maybe some of these sequences are unintentionally amusing). The overall experience was so dire and monotonously downbeat, I welcomed each instance of levity. After all, aren't games supposed to be fun?Combs, as I mentioned, plays an unorthodox philanthropist who hosts exotic dinner parties. He scours the city for likely invitees and brings them together for one unforgettable night. Brittany Snow plays an enterprising, but struggling, young lady who has moved home to care for her terminally ill brother. Treatment is expensive and hope is thin. When Combs proposes a chance for her to win financial independence and stellar medical care, it is an offer she can't refuse. Upon arriving at his estate, she meets other equally needy attendees. As the evening progresses, Combs seems intent on pushing everyone to their limits. How much would it take for a diehard vegan to eat meat? A recovering alcoholic to get blotto? This is simply a teaser, though. When the game of Would You Rather begins, contestants are pitted against each other in a series of events that escalate in gruesomeness. Who will be the eventual winner and what will winning cost?Absolutely terrific idea, right? For the movie to truly succeed for me, though, I needed one of two things. Either I really had to care about the characters or the competition had to be far more imaginative and fun. Snow is fine, if a bit drab. While she is supposed to be our moral center, I found myself rooting for Sasha Grey (as no-nonsense Amy) instead. Combs is a joy to watch, but the game lacked something overall. I won't spoil the individual surprises, but the realm of torture porn cinema has really raised the stakes in films of this kind. This is brutal and unpleasant, but surprisingly toothless as well. Touted, I suppose, as psychological horror--there isn't undue gore. But again, the characters didn't give me a lot to care about. Add the unnecessary and poorly developed subplot about the doctor, the intriguing father/son dynamic that is forgotten when necessary, and an ending telegraphed a mile away and I wanted to like "Would You Rather" much more than I did. I guess I'm officially jaded. This didn't really shock me, but its relentlessness did depress me. KGHarris, 7/13.
The premise sounded good, and the story line for the premiere was also very good, but I find the needless nudity that was in the premier and then again in the second episode made me decide I didn't want to watch this series after all.  It and coarse language are always a sign of a weak script.  When the writing is good, these elements are unneeded.  I was very disappointed.
Not willing to let a good thing simply just be, some writers and directors strive for greater relevance.  For them it isn&#8217;t good enough to craft a film about, say, spousal abuse; rather, they strive to craft &#8220;the most didactic piece of art about the horrors of spousal abuse&#8221; when just being about spousal abuse might really be enough, might really say everything that could, should, and would be said about the topic.  Leave well enough alone.  Don&#8217;t try to lace the plot with greater metaphors.  Don&#8217;t try to enamor the feature with probative images.  Figure out what works best in the story, and then drive it home.  At the end of day, everyone will appreciate the work more for staying true to the cause than they will being abused, amused, and confused with theatrical pomp and circumstance.That&#8217;s a lesson the makers and shakers behind DARK TOUCH probably should have heeded.  Instead, they&#8217;ve produced a film about keeping secrets that, while impeccably assembled, feels a bit too impersonal for the subject matter.  Or maybe that&#8217;s just me &#8230;(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and/or characters.  If you&#8217;re the type of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)11-year-old Neve (played with solid conviction by the young Miss Keating) has suffered the worst night of her short life &#8230; or has she?  After witnessing the bloody massacre of her parents and infant brother, she&#8217;s taken in by her friendly neighbors while the police conduct their investigation.  However, when it becomes clear that Neve&#8217;s trouble may not have only just begun but also may be following her around, everyone begins to doubt the young girl&#8217;s version of events, and that very well may spell the town&#8217;s unimagined doom.Here&#8217;s the thing: without spoiling it, audiences are given a very clear idea of just who exactly the culprit is in DARK TOUCH from the very beginning.  No, I won&#8217;t ruin it; I&#8217;ll only encourage you to be watching closely from the first scenes, and, like me, you&#8217;ll probably see very much of this one coming.  That isn&#8217;t to say that the film is predictable; I don&#8217;t think it is, but I do think that this idea has been explored before.  Is Neve truly a &#8216;bad seed&#8217;?  That&#8217;s the conceit the filmmakers juggle perhaps too often in bringing this particular story to life.What works here is the young, affable, doe-eyed Missy Keating.  At such an impressionable age, it&#8217;s remarkable how this actress manages to hoist the weight of the film &#8211; all of its ideas, scenes, trickery, and twists &#8211; on her capable shoulders.  She effortlessly leads viewers to see one thing while perhaps suspecting another, and, so long as the script allows, she keeps you guessing quite probably up until the last futile images are committed to celluloid.  And, sure, the players chosen to surround her all turn in some quality work, but theirs is inconsequential (in more ways that I&#8217;ll disclose in this review) when compared against the burden Keating carries consistently.What doesn&#8217;t work is the ever-present tug of war writer/director Marina de Van weaves around the audience.  While her film remains at all times stylish in frame and texture, the script tries all-too-often to pull viewers when it should&#8217;ve pushed &#8230; or, better yet, let them make up their own mind on what&#8217;s happened and how this particular world all came to be.  Because of the Herculean effort put into keeping the final secret just out of reach, I thought it was very easy to see past the misdirects and, instead, see most of this one coming a mile away.  (Make that two miles away!)  Perhaps a script penned with greater nuance and not so much deliberate obfuscation would&#8217;ve worked better or more satisfyingly.DARK TOUCH [2013] is produced by Element Pictures, Eurimages, Ex Nihilo, Film I Vast, Filmgate Films, and the Irish Film Board.  DVD distribution is being handled by MPI Media Group through IFC Midnight.  As for the technical specifications &#8230; wow!  As I tried to be clear above, this is an immaculately well-produced film with the highest quality sight and sound lending themselves to the exploration of this nightmare.  Indeed, the picture is ripe with some of the most impressive horror cinematography of the last year; I just wish the story could&#8217;ve left out some of the layers.  Sadly &#8211; a huge miss &#8211; there are no special features to speak of, except the relatively predictable theatrical trailer.  Boo!RECOMMENDED but more than a bit frustrating.  At its core, I&#8217;m not entirely convinced I know what happened in DARK TOUCH.  I get that it&#8217;s try very, very hard to be a horror film &#8220;about&#8221; something greater than just the pursuit of horror, but I&#8217;m amiss at exactly what that is.  We all have demons.  We all have things that have happened that might cause us some grief, trauma, or pain &#8230; but not all of us develop psychic powers as a result of them.  Instead of staying true to that central intent (i.e. be relevant), DARK TOUCH has to give in to the path of least resistance in the last act and, essentially, serve up the usual terrorizing trickery; at that point, I figured I must&#8217;ve missed it.In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at MPI Media Group provided me with a DVD copy of DARK TOUCH by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
The show had a good premise if some what corny.  I believe the one thing that killed the show is the same thing that causes many of these shows to be cancelled is that they insist on bringing in Phyco's  I mean physic's the great majority of people do not believe in  these con artist whose only purpose is to relieve the foolish from their money.
I will only let my daughter watch shows that I can stand to sit through. Creative Galaxy is not one of them. It's so dumbed down, as are most things for kids. It felt like it was geared towards the mentally retarded. I was looking for a segment that was visually complete, but I don't think there was one. Everything looked half done and a mishmash of ideas. It was just plain ugly. I'll just stick to Pocoyo.
This is the best of the Amazon Pilots. But not by much. Great cast, uneven writing. I'd like to see a few more episodes to see where it goes. JOhn Goodman is great but we've seen him do big blowhard a million times before. It's good to see Clark Johnson in front of the camera again. Don't really care about the bald guy or Mr Ripa.
Keeps my interest.  Good plot line.  Since I have only watched one episode it is difficult to give a very detailed review.
First off, this pilot is beautifully shot. A lot better looking than half the half hour comedy pieces on network television today. Second, there were some surprisingly funny moments, especially the filibuster segment. And third, it's always good seeing Bill Murray pop up for a cameo. Having said that, I really wanted to like this more. Although entertained, I don't know if I'd come back for more episodes. This has more of a one-off feel to me. But hey, at least I didn't hate it.
this never made it to general release in the united states.  It appears to be a low budget quickly made movie, but it has it charms.Young Chinese actress steals the show from Guy Pearce....understand, this is not a put-down of guy pearce.  He does a nice acting job too.
I love this type of horror movie, &#34;found footage&#34; but I stopped watching after the first 20 minutes and fast forwarded through some of that, boring.
Of all the extremely numerous Robert E. Howard stories, those describing the adventures and tribulations of Solomon Kane are amongst the most succesful - and also possibly the hardest to film. Therefore one must already give a good point to Michael J. Bassett for even trying to tackle this great classic of fantasy/adventure letters. In my personal opinion, this film managed well to reproduce the ultra-dark style of Solomon Kane stories, but was less succesful in picturing the "hero" himself - and that notwithstanding the really good performance of James Purefoy.After reading all the stories about Kane, I personally came to believe that he was not entirely alive - for me Solomon Kane was a kind of spectral shade of a man, paroled from the Purgatory and released on Earth to track the worst kind of warlocks, witches and all other kind of people using the surnatural to commit evil deeds. I was comforted in this feeling by the fact that he seemed never eat, drink or sleep and in all his dealings with people he was as laconic, cold and distant as possible. Also, Kane is always described as gaunt and grim with almost dead eyes, but still looking at the world with a kind of cold intensity. Now, for this movie, James Purfoy created a Kane who was quite grim and threatening, but not even close to the one from the books - his Kane certainly looks very dangerous but no one would mistake him for a vengeful wraith!Even more important were the mistakes in the scenario. Kane is supposed to be a Puritan, and this allegiance strengthens considerably his dangerosity (Puritans were after all as fanatical as today's jihadists) - but in the beginning we see him living in a monastery, an institution which for a Puritan would be the very forteress of Devil and his Papist servants! After that we see Kane gently entertaining (totally innocently) a beautiful damsel - which is completely against the character from the stories! Finally, I believe that giving Kane a background and explaining it, was at least partially a mistake - this character was so cool in the books because he was a complete mystery. The one thing known, was that he was a man with mission and that very probably that mission was in the same time his redemption and his pennance - but his past and especially the horrible sins he had to atone for were unknown. By removing this veil of mystery, I believe the character in the movie was harmed.That being said, if one discards Robert E. Howard stories, this film is very honest. Some of the episodes in the movie were borrowed from others Howard stories (especially the "Conan" series) but they were very skillfully included. The subplot including Kane's family was not half bad - even if as I stated before I believe it would be even better if it was not included... The episodes with the witch and the lone priest in the abandoned church were excellent! The villains were very evil and the ultimate foe is very impressive. And the whole visual aspect of the film is excellent. James Purfoy plays admirably. Rachel Hurd-Wood is certainly a delight to contemplate - gosh, did this girl grow well since "Peter Pan"! Last but not least, it is one of the last occasions when we could admire Pete Postlethwaite considerable talent, which sadly is now no more available...Bottom line, this is a very honest fantasy/adventure movie, although definitely not a masterpiece - you just need to forget a little about Robert E. Howard stories if you want to appreciate it and spend a nice popcorn/movie evening.
Bad writing, fake looking costumes... Pretty people in a bad series.  I don't know what to say other than it's a hot mess.
Honestly, I should have paid better attention to the 1-star reviews. I love both Amy Poehler and Paul Rudd, which is why I feel terrible for what I'm about what I'm about to say: It was painful to watch. There wasn't anything even remotely laugh-worthy. I watched the entire movie hoping that there would be some redeeming qualities, but sadly - there were none. I honestly hate to say this, but please don't waste your time. I'm doing you a favor!
The standout parts of this movie are a couple of near epic and bloody battle sequences.  Beyond that there is a love triangle, political chicanery, and macho posturing.  All of it pretty much standard brand stuff.  It is an entertaining movie but could have been much better.  The Taiping rebellion is an interesting time in 1860's China but we don't get much historical background about it in this movie.  Yes the 3 "blood brothers" lead the fight to capture Nanking, the Taiping capitol, but that is about it.  The acting is no more than adequate - involving a lot growling, weeping, shouting and physical combat.  I wish the director had aimed higher.
I didn't like this program, it is inane and a pilot that must be trying to boost the actor's career, and he overacts his part in comparison to the rest of the show. The character takes life too lightly considering what his job is and acts the fool non-stop. I don't think there is even a point to the plot.
I can't give it five stars because there are too many things that are just not believable in how the crimes are solved, but then, this is entertainment and I did form an interest in the main characters, though, and found the show enjoyable.  My biggest complaint about this show is the way they have main character women police officers dress.  Come on, do you really believe that a Deputy Director or whatever she is, would wear a skirt slit up to her crotch with a neckline showing her boobs and stiletto heels?  I didn't even want to watch her trying to walk in those things.
This stylish Swedish animated film is about a terrifying, paranoid, dystopian conspiracy set in Europe in 2024.  The world is running out of oil and the Trexx Corporation has connected all the undergrounds, or subways, together into a gigantic network.  Roger (voiced by Vincent Gallo), a Stockholm call center worker, avoids the underground and blatantly, defiantly rides his bike to work.  Sometimes Roger hears voices in his head.  Roger soon discovers that Trexx and a vast consumerist conspiracy control his life down to the smallest detail.  With the help of beautiful super model Nina (voiced by Juliet Lewis), Roger attempts to break free.  An unusual animation technique manipulates real photographs.  This film, directed and co-written by Tarik Saleh reminds me of the best works of Terry Gilliam, Roy Anderson and others.  It's like a weird but lucid dream.
The general quality of the acting and cinematography is fair to middlin', nothing spectacular. Nevertheless, Juno Temple, Sharon Stone, and Robert Patrick all give notable performances as, respectively, Linda's buddy and her cold, distant, puritanical parents. LOVELACE captures the atmosphere of the '70s pretty decently. The story's broken up, and some of the time-lapses are quite jarring. Still, the flashbacks allow for some elements of surprise, at least if you're not familiar with the details of Linda's life (as I wasn't).LOVELACE's single best aspect is its portrayal of the porno film industry and how the exploitation often goes much deeper than simply pressuring gullible people into being filmed doing things they loathe doing. The end of the film is what really redeems it. There are, of course, many sides to any story: Some will like the stance LOVELACE takes while others inevitably won't. The makers of this film went a bit too far in portraying Linda Boreman/Lovelace as a completely innocent girl-next-door who just happened to fall in with the wrong guy and his crowd, but I can see how that was hard to avoid.Considering the subject matter, there is very little graphic sex/nudity, and it was obviously wise to avoid making an admonitory bio-drama about a porn star into a porno film in its own right.
I haven't watched the episodes of this season (at least not in this life), but I've seen the pilot, which doesn't seem to be included at Amazon Instant Video. It featured interviews with a number of pretty regular U.S. middle class families who believes (or claims to believe) that their kids have authentic reincarnation memories. Even the children are featured. For some reason, the pilot didn't really move me either way. Not sure why. My deepest feelings about reincarnation is hell no, this wasn't what I signed up for, take me to some ascended star system with luminous pegasi! Logically, I should have hated this production.However, I must say that some of the hysterical reactions to "The Ghost Inside My Child" are pretty entertaining. Apparently, the show can't be true because Christians, or in one instance Buddhists, don't believe in reincarnation, or *this kind* of reincarnation. Only the New Age does, ergo the interviewees must be lying. That's an argument?!Another blogger called the featured families "underclass losers". Really? If those houses and lawns are what passes for underclass in Louisiana, Florida or New York State, I'll move to the U.S. anytime, ha ha! Maybe I can reincarnate there in the near future?Not sure how to rate this, but in the interest of fairness, three stars (the OK rating) sounds alright. The silly negativity almost made me like the pilot...
While season 2 turned out to be the weak point of the series it was far from being terrible.  The first season gave us the introduction of the hero characters and their individual stories and plots for why they did what they did,  the second and the rest of the season gave us more on the superhero plotline stories rather then the secret identity story plot it felt like.  While there are a few characters who felt they weren't needed it didn't detract from the enjoyment I got from watching the show, and for the price the set is going for right now I feel it's forgivable especially since this is the shortest season of the four seasons the show as on the air.  The video and audio are great with nice clarity and sound especially as you hear the background sound.  So again while this wasn't the greatest season it's still and enjoyable enough season to add to your dvd library anyway considering what the price for the set is going for it's a pretty reasonable bargain....
I was definitely intrigued after watching this first episode, not to mention scared! Although I liked the premise I found the characters to be very exaggerated or unlikable.
Redemption is a movie about a homeless and on the run from a military court martial,damaged ex-special forces soldier (Statham) who is navigating London's criminal underworld and finds a way to seize an opportunity to assume another man's identity -- transforming into an avenging angel in the process.I was surprised a bit at this movie as I have been looking for a good Statham movie since the original Transporter...a lot of his roles since then have been the same old..same old and frankly several have been disappointing at bringing nothing new but this was different than the standard Statham action movie playing the same character.  Some people might be disappointed as this is less action than the usual Statham action fare and actually brings a story with some heart and conflict at the same time.Whereas Statham plays the role of the mob thug in the movie trying to find a way back from the demons, this movie concentrates less on the action part and more on the conflict between the main character's demons and his conscious, provided in the nun who isn't sure what her own path is.Statham does a good job at playing the role and Agata Buzek excels as the nun who struggles with her own path in life.The movie starts a little slowly but does have action in the right places without muddling the story unnecessarily.One thing that made me like the movie as it didn't have your typical happy ending and did a good job at depicting the no easy answers to life and your demons message.Definitely one of the better Statham movies I have seen in a while and a worthwhile watch. 3 and half stars.
do not necessarily make for an informative show.  It seems more like yet another vanity reality show...me, me, me...it's all about me.  I think we have reached the critical mass of reality shows masquerading as being useful or helpful. If these guys and others like them want to help, fine, let them do so.  But we don't need to hear or see them do it. Do your work and leave us alone!
I liked the series, it was interesting and the actors seemed to catch the feeling of that time in L.A. I felt like I was watching a 1950's film noir except in color & the storyline was pretty good.
I think the first two seasons had more draw and events to them. I dislike the loss of certain characters but that is part of the story. The ending does not leave you hanging as much as the others so I have less desire or anticipation to see more.
I tend to fast forward episodes of this but it is very carefully and deeply thought out creation.  It's not just about putting Norman Bates' brand of sneaky evil on display - the whole town is wicked, seriously criminal in a smug, satisfied, financially rewarding way.  The Bates are just the amateurs albeit talented ones.It's interesting that the subtle performance probably explicitly demanded by the careful storytellers premieres around the same time as another famous serial killer character - Hannibal Lecter.  Both shows have moments of illumination where we see the killer's hatred and fury at the nobodies around them who unknowingly boorishly offend them.This show is five stars in terms of production values but you have to like this kind of thing and I don't really enjoy it or maybe this show isn't meant to be enjoyed.  Vera Farmiga is excellent at acting out Norma's self centered, embittered disappointment.  Her carefully put together outfits say so much about her frustrations and desires as well.
I give the actors, makeup, & effects 5 stars.  The writers get a zero !!!  Just another completely implausible scenario.  Science fiction is one thing, unbelievable fantasy is another.  The back to life and transformation cards are played way to often in Atlantis, probably why it died on the vine.  Every episode was the same old blah, blah, blah.....
I stopped watching Royal Pains; plots predictable, character development not forthcoming and sidekick brother too 'not bright' and smarmy.  It's a pretty and shiny series with not much meat.  Went back to watching "Law and Order" reruns and the new "Chicago Fire".  I like genuine characters--who risk their lives protecting people, who grapple with serious ethical and moral conflicts.  I like real heroes.
I really always want to like this show. I wish Bravo could come up with someone who was really a GOOD matchmaker because the concept is soooo good. But this is the best of all of the ones I have seen, mostly because of the Pattimelts. She is so unpredictable, which is like watching a train jump the tracks. Even so, it is not enough. She hardly ever gets it right, and how could she with this &#34;line-up and act and dress like something you are not&#34; approach. It is all so surface. She coaches them on how to be what the millionaire wants. Not good. And it all happens so badly.Here is the right show. Take the Million Dollar Listing show and have several matchmakers trying to &#34;sell&#34; a client. See multiple dates (just like you see all these property showings).  It would be really really great!Of course, any time you have a long running show, you run a risk when the side kicks leave, and the two she had were really good. They just sort of helped round her out.
I was able to take a sneak peak at this modern day film noir on the HDNet cable channel.  Going in, the film has a strong cast.  Addison (Eric Bana) and Liza (Olivia Wilde) are siblings on the run after knocking off a casino in Detroit.  After hitting a deer during a blizzard somewhere near the Canadian border, their Town Car flips and slides down a hill killing their driver.  Addison decides (he always decides) they should split up and meet once across the border.  And on foot!  In a blinding snowstorm.  I was puzzled as to why they wouldn't take the sheriff's car who, unfortunately for him, tries to help the couple.  I mean, at least drive it to the nearest town.In any case, off they go.  Liza, nearly frozen and standing on a highway, is picked up by a former Olympic boxing silver medalist (really?) named Jay (excellent Charlie Hunnam) who has just been released from prison for throwing a pro fight.  He's headed back to his parent's home (Kris Kristofferson and Sissy Spacek) just before Thanksgiving.  Jay and Liza, well...hit it off.  For a while, rather than tell each other their real names, they make up playful ones.  Liza calls Jay, Addison.  Yeah, creepy.After alerting her brother as to their destination, Liza and Jay show up only to find Addison has gotten there first and is holding Chet (Kristofferson) and a retired sheriff and June (Spacek) hostage.  There is another subplot involving the current sheriff (Treat Williams) and his daughter (Kate Mara) who is also a deputy and friend of the family.  This plot element just seems to have been thrown in to add to the film's running time.The script is weak and we never really get much background of the plot elements given all the attempts to put them out there.  The ending is as puzzling as is most of the film.  Director Stefan Ruzowitzky does put the snow storm to good use and the photography is well done throughout.  In the end, "Deadfall" might be great on one of those blistering hot summer nights.  For a better, similarly themed film, try "Cape Fear" (either version).
RAMONA SINGER IS REPULSIVE. When is someone just going to kick her ass! She deserves NOTHING BUT: the misery she inflicts upon others with her obnoxious irrational behavior that is downright unacceptable! She is a violent, CRAZY OLD B***H that should be removed from the show. EXPIRATION=UP!I'd like to see her get on Heather's bad once more..., maybe Ramona will finally get what's coming to her.
Mind you I love Scifi, the 3 stooges, and buddy films but this came off very flat.  The verbiage and the gags did not gel together in any LOL way.  There is alot of room for improvement, but the way it is written and the voices acted, I will not invest anymore time into viewing, nor would I recommend Amazon investing $ into this story line.
I would need to see a couple more episodes to figure out if I would stay with it or not. Has it's moments.
I stumbled upon this show when I thought all &#34;good&#34; tv was gone for the summer and found a treasure in Longmire.  I love the realistic stories of a modern US western sheriff, his personal and professional life and interaction with a community of well-developed characters I have grown to love or at least understand their viewpoints.  I'm a little lost as to the deal with who killed the wife's killer, but hopefully that will unwind in the next season (which I look forward to viewing.)
I found it trite and the characters immature.  12 more words required about something I basically disliked but was able to tolerate.  In truth I left the room a lot.
I did watch the entire series.  Like the city they portray, Detroit, this is on  dark series.  I know it's acting, but can two Brits pull off being Detroit cops?  The answer is occasionally.All in all the writing was dark, gloomy and occasionally good.  However, the plot and storyline when nowhere slowly.  Sad to say but both my wife and I were happy when the series ended.
The mystery of it all is keeping my interest, but I do not care for the fact that every single one of the high school main characters has had an intimate scene, if not several.  Couldn't they give at least one of the girls some morals?
Total- TOTAL C- Movie!I plead that you listen to all the 1 star reviews.  They are not lying!!!  OM Triple GGG!!! This movies gore is not even C minus worthy.  There is none. Sad that the  movie trailer has you  thinking otherwise.  I sat through almost half the movie before I had to turn it OFF.  The folks who are rating this movie 5 star must be part of the filming and acting crew.  Great premise but the monster is throw up ridiculous looking and my gag reflexes would not stop and not because of the movie.  More due to the symptoms of actually paying to see this BEFORE SCHOOL special. Best bet- save your money for an adult horror flick not some third grader pop tart and marshmallow roasting affair.
This low budget British horror flick has been sitting in my DVR for a couple months now and I finally got around to checking it out.  Filmed for all but a few seconds inside a 24 hour storage facility in the outskirts of London, the film borrows from many earlier ones and manages to create some suspense here and there.Shocked by a loud explosion, later determined to be a plane crash near the facility, the electricity becomes erratic eventually locking a handful inside the storage building.  When things start to go bump in the night, we start the countdown to grueling deaths, one by one.  Evidently the plane that crashed was a military cargo plane carrying some top secret containers.  Using their ingenuity and a few "weapons" they find inside the individual storage units, the little group must go to battle with an unknown enemy.  Pretty corny and not terribly scary but not that bad either.
I really wanted to like it,  but it was boring, more about the father, slow to get to the point and the just ends.  Boring, slow, stumbles when your finally getting into it. Sad. It could have been so good,  yet it dies a slow death
Director/documentarian Werner Herzog assembles a small film crew to explore a recently discovered cave in southern France.  The cave is unique in that large, ornate wall art was found dating back more than 30,000 years.  Twice as old as any others found.  The government only allows scientists of various stripes into the cave and for relatively brief periods.  There are several arrays of drawings, but it doesn't take 90 minutes to see them, so Herzog adds some interesting interviews with archeologists, art historians and the like.  One of the young Frenchman is particularly interesting, especially telling one story of how Australian Aborigines felt about cave art.A beautiful musical score is layered across the film which certainly adds a reverent quality.  In fact, the score was recorded in an ancient church.  There is a "special feature" that documents all this on the Blu ray disc.  Ultimately, I was left with a lot of unanswered questions.  What material was used to produce the paintings?  Why are only animals depicted?  Why are there no trees, mountains...or people? This disc is in 3-D but I only viewed it in the 2-D format and the transfer is just fine, especially given the low light conditions inside the cave.  I understand the 3-D version shown in theaters is spectacular.
This show is not going to get anything but some very bored flies .I don't like the script and the kids were bored.
We seem to have mostly got past humor that belittles people of color, women, or gay people.  But I guess it's okay to make fun of older people, and to do so by belittling them. 'What's your favorite medication?' says one older person to another.  'Better call him soon, since otherwise he's likely to be dead.'  Etc.Ha ha.  Not.
As I wrote in the title, I expected much more from Onion News.  "Onion News Empire" wasn't the worst of the bunch but it could have been better.  I might award this one has having more potential to succeed than "Betas" or "browsers".  I thought Jeffrey Tambor was wrong for the role.  The best part about this show was pausing to see the news headlines crawl past during scenes of the news broadcast (I had to listen to those headlines first then go back).
If you are a fan of HBO's Veep you will definitely enjoy this show.  John Goodman is very funny and I most enjoyed the show when they were concentrating on his character.  Bill Murrary was hilarious.  If he comes back I a definitely going to watch.
hideously acted. i watched season 1, and it must have not sucked because i queued up season two. or maybe my tolerance for crappy dialogue and unbelievable plot lines is just low today. really awful, couldn't even finish.
It's not as good as previous seasons.  But it's early so I'm hoping it gets better. Still love the show.  Wondering how they'll be able to use Mozzie as much since the new Handler has seen him. Love Mozzie,
Reminded me of the show girls on HBO. Just recycled ideas, played out by helpless characters, on their way to mediocrity.
An opportunity for mere mortal to check out the goings on in sunny California, in particular the  home to the rich-not so rich, the famous and not so famous and their life styles.
This movie is take of the Roanoke Colony disappearance from American colonial history.  Meant to be a horror movie, I did not find this movie scary in the least bit.  In fact, the essence of the story; i.e. shadows stealing people away, is quite ridiculous.  Add to that is a lot of bad acting from all the adult actors and actresses and we have a movie that flopped at both the theaters and on DVD.  Stay away viewers.
This show looked promising so I gave it a shot. It greatly disappointed me. With each episode watched I grew less and less interested; so much so that by the time the season finale came I didn't even care to watch it, not even to avoid having wasted my time watching the episodes that came before it. The show is quite simply a bust and not worth watching.
This show is just bad! It doesn't even make sense! I would probably never watch it again as its tacky, rude And annoying! Tried to give it a real chance and just couldn't get through the whole thing in only lasted 15 mins before I had to turn it off!!
This show will entertain kids on so many levels. It has mystery, friendship with staying power and problem solving all done by the kids themselves. Well worth watching.
It first looked interesting,then when I saw it well not what I thought it would be.It was A zombie Horror film at best,the cast did an excellent job.But the location could of been better,to me it look like parts of the USA.
"There's been an outbreak, a global pandemic that started in South America...from those infected there are no survivors. It's fatal and it's spreading rapidly." Kate (Newton) and Martin (Murphy) are in marital trouble. After their first child is stillborn they find a house on a secluded island to stay in and try to work things out. Things are going OK until a stranger shows up on the island. This is a movie that is made by the ending. The entire movie is pretty slow moving and boring in some parts with only three characters in a house for most of the movie. If you stick with it though you won't be disappointed. The ending makes you re-think everything that was said in the movie and makes it better then it could have been. Overall, a bad movie with a good ending. I give it a C+.
Just a little too dark to continue to watch.  The first one was okay but then the 2nd and 3rd one were just too depressing.  Too much psycho babble and know why it's called touching evil
This is a review for Video on Demand. This, in no way, is meant to say that the service is lacking. It is a great one. this is reviewing the movie.In the city, strange things are taking place. At first it seems like nothing more than some shadow play and a bit of urban migration, but that turns to panick as the numbers go up. Overnight, people literally leave their homes and vanish, taking nothing. As the mystery here deepens, so too do the reasons to why this is taking place.When I first saw this advertised in the pages fof Fangoria, I was immediately shopping for a venue to watch it. That was a couple of weeks ago and I should have written a review then, perhaps saving some people money. I apologize for that but I normally do not do the negative route. Still, this is a terrible way to fleece peolple with a good idea and terrible execution.What you have here is a tale of two proverbial cities, with one going off greatly in the storyline department and then taking a sudden turn and going down boring Street. I know - I have been there before and recognized the signs. I watched it with two other people as well, and they concurred. A lot of things went wrong and made this awful.You start with people going away in a weird way and people asking why. The main actors hang in there through this, and it all seems good. Then you have some of the scenes that try to keep people out of the shadows, some that made it seem as though the world is really hard to understand, and even when the vanishings start to make sense it hurts to watch it progress. The writers are at fault in a lot of this, and the direction hurts as well. What you have is an " o no, avoid that shadow" story mingling with a really boring output from the actors. Overacting is a theme as well as trying to make you scared of the nothing that is really not menacing, and it gets old fast. Really fast.I wish I could say something better but, in the end, I don't know how. What I do know is that you should not et this and, for 10 bucks, you should heed all the warnings out there. This is about a 1.5, with the .5 coming from the beginning. Hopefully that says something aobut it, and hopefully you feel safe and avoid it.It isn't the dark you should be afraid of, after all. It is a movie about it.
I had high hopes for this series because of the subject matter.  However, it is very slow, murky, and downright boring at times.
some comedians are very good, some not so good, and some are just not funny.  I don't know the names to chose from and watched this by picking random episodes. However, I do know some big names in stand up comedy and these were not included on prime.
Something misled me into expecting a smart white collar crime story, say like Margin Call with Spacey, Irons a.o.This one isn't it. Nothing wrong with the cast, Gere and Sarandon a.o. do their job, but the plot is, frankly, just yellow press pulp.American billionaire in his 60s runs into headwind on two fronts at once. His risky investment in Russia faces obstacles, which he tries to hide by cooking the books, so that he can sell his company just in time. His private life is upset by an accident: driving at night, he falls asleep, and his girl friend dies. He tries to hide his involvement from the police, and that becomes a race of time in the course of his company sale. His wife knows about it all, as wives do, and blackmails him. His daughter, who works with him, finds out about his con games and threatens him... That seems to be all the pressure a man needs in life.That should make a good suspense possible, if not a very original case, but the movie fails to interest me. I also see a serious flaw in the plot line: how can the man, Gere's billionaire, expect to sell the company and not be caught afterwards for the faked numbers?
Cast was good.  Less drug use would be an improvement.  Otherwise, it was nice enough but would not make a point of watching it so wouldn'r recommend you make an entire season of it.
Here's my problem with this movie. For some reason whoever cast this movie decided to use actors from Ireland, the UK or wherever. What pisses me off to know end, all of the foreign actors are speaking so fast and don't seem to know how to enunciate their words I can barely understand what these actors are saying.. It got so bad for me that I shut off the movie and 30 mins. I guess Ruairi Robinson is deaf and didn't notice how they were speaking. I have nothing against foreign actors but I do have something against any actor who doesn't know to speak slower or enunciate their words.Truly a terrible job by these actors.
haven't seen an episode yet that I really WANT to do, yet. I still like to watch for ideas that I can spin-off.
this is a film in the genre of tongue in cheek sci fi that includes "serenity" or "host" or any movie put out on the syfy channel. the terrors are brief and merciful, the monsters horribly improbable, and the assorted human victims and heros inept but lovable. especially because they are routinely drunk and cursing. there isn't a whole lot to it -- monsters invade, and only whiskey can save the irish -- but the cast chemistry is quite good and really the main enjoyments are the comic characterizations, idiotic arguments, and loving shots of the irish countryside. i especially liked ruth bradley as the prim and proper female police officer who gets undone in a goofy drinking scene; she reminds me of kate winslett.
Since it was a FREE show I clicked and watched. I really tried to get into this show, being a fan of this genre and all, but nope it sucked. I will not be buying Season 2. Same ole' plot Hollywood tends to lace EVERY piece of crap movie/series they create with. They can write a show about Neanderthals (cavemen) and it would be the same crap (oh wait, they did!).....I can name at least 15 movies that are EXACTLY the same as this ole' mess. Besides that, the show was very violent & bloody. I understand that Vikings were filthy disgusting uncivilized feral savages, but d@mn! I felt some kind of way, about seeing a room full of defenseless cowering &#34;Priests&#34; being butchered while crying & begging for their lives (anyone who enjoyed that, and judge me for not, is nothing but a sick sadist) Then the horrific scene at that Viking temple (good lawd!) Seriously, the &#34;fake blood&#34; expense must have accounted for a 3rd of the budget. I found nothing likable about ANY of the characters on this show.... I smh at how these Hollywood writers (as always) try to make the villains look favorable (but then this is part of the &#34;agenda&#34; to further desensitize people to violence & sexual situations). That Ragnarock (whatever his name was) and his crew were nothing but a bunch of savage serial killers & rapist. I also REALLY didn't enjoy looking at dirty sweaty greasy gross lice infested people who looked like they smelled like cattle. Whom all slept in the same beds & had sex in the same room where their children were sleeping. I keep seeing reviews comparing this show to &#34;Game of Thrones&#34;. G.O.T is messy & bloody with similar plots, but between the two, G.O.T is 5-Stars compared to this one.For all of you that feel the need to defend Viking culture & the like. If HALF of what I've read about Viking culture is true, there is absolutely NOTHING to be proud of being a descendant of these people. They were horrible violent feral savages both male & female.P.S. I couldn't careless about those of you that have nothing better to do than criticize peoples 1-Star reviews. So !@&# you in advance. Good night.
Not bad.  Slightly campy and geared toward teenagers.  A few good jokes between father and daughter.  I would probably watch another Veronica Mars movie at home but (I wouldn't rush to the theater).  High school reunion scene reminds me of why I do not attend my own.......funny.
I put up with the ads hoping they would go away. They did't so I'm done with Fox shows until they are gone.
shows potential to improve with appealing cast of characters...sometimes it becomes a little too frenetic and wears me out...however will continue to watch it
While there have been glimmers of greatness this season, the approach they have taken to finish the series isn't playing out as well as they conceived. The entire season takes place in the final three days before Barney and Robin get married. While there are some great ongoing hijinks, the pacing tends to drag. Also, we get precious few scenes of Ted and The Mother together and, therefore, they don't really establish a chemistry. Simply put, though there have been some funny episodes, I think they would have been better served by starting with the wedding for a few episodes and then moving on to the courting phase with Ted. He has dated long term several times before saying &#34;oh! that wasn't your mother&#34; and it would have made sense to SHOW why he belongs with her instead of TELLING us.
I was looking for a good horror movie, that fell under the radar, to promote for halloween, and I was told that the Innkeepers was that film, but it wasn't. This film is so clique, stealing almost everything from other films of the same genre. They had the nerve to give this movie an R rating and call it the must see horror movie of the year, but truthfully, its slightly more scary than a Disney movie! An old hotel is going out of business and the two remaining employees decide to investigate the long history of ghost sightings at the establishment. There are only a couple guests, giving them the perfect opportunity to investigate. The only thing this film uses in order to frighten you is random things jumping out at you, which most of the time aren't what you expect them to be. There is also a creepy old woman staying there who can talk to the spirits and predict the future, but if that isn't bad enough, there is of course the investigations themselves. Using nothing but a s***ty old tape recorder, they go looking for EVPs, using every phrase and question they could steal from Ghost Hunters. Yeah, the Innkeepers really is that ridiculous and the only really shocking thing about this movie is that someone actually gave it an R rating! Was the MPAA associate a little girl or elderly woman, because honestly, Monster House was scarier than this thing was.
It was entertaining as we watched it, but didnt really leave a lasting impression. I love this kind of true urban legend stuff and would like to watch more good ones if anybody has good recommendations.
I knew a few minutes into the 1st episode that I had actually watched this show when it aired on ABC and I remembered that I liked it but not well enough to remember the outcome of any of the episodes. I can understand why this show didn't get renewed but glad that it did tie up the storylines before the show went off the air. Good characters, good guest stars and not a waste of time if you should decide to watch it, but still understandable as to it being canceled.
Slightly weird characters dealing with their issues,Enjoyable and fun to watch thought not particularly memorable.There is eventually acceptance of a male cross dresser in the film though that is a minor sub plot.Plus get some inspiration on how you can save the world.
Better than a bad evening of TV.Richard Gere plays Richard Gere.The mega wealthy are different than the average man.Ruthless people being ruthless.
The guy with the chip in his head has really bad hair. Really. Bad. Plots can be predictable; his Asian female nemesis annoys me for some reason. The story lines often fail to worry me at all, so it's just an exercise in which predictable course will the action take. I have hopes.
I could only hack ten seconds of this show. It actually made me very nervous and anxious. Singing on the streets of busy NY...Not a good combination...
This was okay but not great, especially not in comparison with the other 2 comedies Amazon premiered. Natalie Zea is good, though.
I don't like Arrested Development and I love Girls; so I was on the fence at the beginning of the show.  The nudity seemed like it was trying to copy shows like Girls; but most of the time it was oddly out of place and didn't need to be there.  I almost stopped watching it because I didn't like the siblings at all - but then, with 10 minutes to go - it got interesting; with the Dad's story line.  I'm not sure if I would watch this as a series - the attempts at cleverness are obvious and annoying.  It seemed a little like the show &#34;Brothers and Sisters&#34; on acid; which I mean as kind of a compliment.  It's not a definite for me; but if it goes forward, I'd be willing to check it out again.
Starts with a decent premise but goes off the rails a bit with lead character's sudden emotional flowering. Not fully believable but aspects of the plot kept me watching. Solid cast well directed and filmed with style. Completists must see.
2012NR: You could get just as valid predictive feedback from a well thought-out trailer (aka movie commercial) combined with an internet-based audience poll. Unless of course the intended audience are people who have nothing better to do than to watch a 1hr 37 min commercial about a product that doesn't yet exist. Can anyone say "advance sale on partially built beach front condo's that never complete construction?" ... MFJLabs -1x
What happened!  We don't know!  the world has gone mad!  People walking, stagger about and we don't know why.  (Perhaps they watched this pilot.)  Watch out all you March 9th birthday people--apparently the future of the world depends upon you!  This has been done, is being done, so why make another one.
kristin chenoweth does not look to be the same age as the star that she was supposed to go to highschool with. i got as far as the star getting a job at the restaurant called Boobies. I am not making up the name! this show was stupid and did not make me laugh. I got it because i saw Kristin Chenoweth in some movie and she was really funny.  not this tv show,that's for sure! 2 thumbs the eff down!
Not bad, but we've seen all this international spy stuff many times before. Old spy stories are out of date and far outshown by LeCarre's recent remake of &#34;Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy. This lead actor is a bit stiff.
The concept was good, as was the dialogue, but the two lead actors did not seem to really fill their roles. Perhaps they were miscast. The performer who played the sufragette was the only reason I stayed with it for two episodes. She was charming and very likable. The lead actor (Benedict Cumberbatch) should have been likable but had no redeeming qualities.
There seems to be a lot of conflict between the auctioneer and one buyer, favoritism. Interesting finding out what oddball stuff is and it's value.
I usually love Amy S's raw, pushing the envelope, but this just wasn't so funny. I had hoped for more stand up bits and less pseudo sitcom vignettes. Darn....hoped for more
I was curious about the Amazon Studios work, so I watched this.  Sure it could use some polishing, but will that come with time.  The story was funny, that acting wasn't bad, and I was entertained, which is the whole point isn't it?Keep making these Amazon Studios, you're onto something, and we're watching.
Since the first few episodes were offered free on streaming media, I wanted to sample this new show.  In summary,I thought the plot was boring and stupid.  I did not even finish the first episode.
After watching the first episode I said this. Kinda wish I hadn't paid for the whole season first, but I've always liked Megan Goode as an actress and assumed this would be GREAT. Anyways.....It's not a completely terrible series but it wasn't "spectacular" like everyone else is raving, and the writers/producers definitely could have summed it up within 90 mins. This should've been a 90min B-Movie straight to DVD and aired on Cinemax or BET-Starz.Also I was really annoyed how they had her jumping on her cellphone every other minute to report her findings ALL LOUD & IN THE OPEN to her FBI contact. Spying on peoples computers 2 secs after they'd leave the room while AGAIN talking loud telling everything to her FBI contact via cellphone. No one would be dumb enough to do that, ESPECIALLY an undercover cop. They could have tried a little bit better with writing that in.Seriously, I'm 1.7 episodes in and I'm already bored & feeling like this is redundant & going no where. They've already revealed "Who Dunnit" & ALL the dirty secrets in episode 1. Like, why should I watch any further? *lol* This is another reason why this series could have ended after the first episode. The audience has been made aware of everything, the rest is just filler & boring content. I see WHY this series wan't renewed, strange that people keep posting "Why did they cancel this show!?" Cuz it SUCKED thats why. As a series it's a 1-Star as a B-Movie it's a 3-Star.
After aliens invade Earth, a photo journalist agrees to escort a tourist back to America.  After paying for safe passage around an infected zone of Mexico, the tourist finds her passport stolen and is not allowed passage.  Together her and the journalist must make thier way to the border through the infected zone.  This movie is much like "District 9".  Aliens have landed and are now living among us.  While "District 9" was original at the time I did not like it at all.  This one I thought was worse.  Its hard for me to find anything good to say about it, so I'll make this review short.  The effects were good, and it was another good idea for a movie.  But the main problem with the movie for me is that it's sooooooo drawn out.  If you took all the action out of "Cloverfield" you would have this movie.  I had to struggle to get through it.  Very boring.  I didn't enjoy it at all.  I give it a D-.Would I watch again? - Not even if real aliens invaded and this was the only way to avoid them!!
The show is fine but again ten episodes? Not much of a season. And no subtitles for the hearing impaired.
This did have some good parts, and I like the basic premise and the cast of characters, but it needs better writing.
This one is funny, as a parody of supernatural sci-fi shows, though the main characters grated on my nerves.  Their attitudes just didn't mesh well with the show's premise.  If their personalities were smoothed out a bit, this could be a real hit.I really think the skull stole the show in this one.
Last season this show started out phenomenal. This season I'm still trying to figure out what happened. The storyline has gotten so goofy I'm not sure if it's going to survive another season. Bring back the original writers and get the show back on track
Most of the jokes are retreads from other sci-fi comedies and-or drug movies. the animation was fresh, though, but that was all because the writing needs re-tooling. Most of the writing was significant when it was in mel brooks', BLAZING SADDLES (ah, yeaah)!the two stars are for the animation because it reminds me of, SPEED RACER, and the claymation, such as, WALLACE AND GROMMIT, JASON AND THE AROGNAUTS and JASON AND THE GOLDEN FLEECE. i liked that stuff.
[SOME SPOILERS INCLUDED]Halle Berry plays an astronaut, Molly Woods, who returns to earth after a long solo mission in space. Her scientist husband John, played by Goran Visnjic, awaits her at home, along with their little boy, who we quickly discover is a robot. Thus we embark on the beginning of several seemingly unconnected threads, which include outer space, supernatural happenings and the creation of an A.I.The problem is that it's all so clunky. For example, I'll paraphrase the dialogue at the investor meeting where John Woods asks for continued funding for his A.I. project. This is world changing stuff, and it's a meeting with the equivalent of Silicon Valley's top investors. Lots of brain power and big bucks in the room.Female investor in audience: Have you thought what would happen if it all goes wrong? You going to, um, terminate it?John Woods: You monster! Baby killer!Investor: MY child has a soul.John: You MONSTER!I've paraphrased, but that's more or less the gist of it. Really, inventor? You haven't had this debate many times over with all sorts of critics? You're SHOCKED? And when asking for a huge investment, you throw a fit of histrionics?And the "no soul" thing thrown out there like that by the potential investor. Could you be any more cliche? You came looking to invest and only now this occurred to you, like you haven't seen it and read it in every science fiction book and film ever made about the pitfalls of A.I.? Hello, to be an investor in Huge Big Buck Scientific World Changing event, don't you think you should know a LOT about the subject matter? It's not enough to just throw on some business-woman clothes.Then you have the Japanese ultra-rich guy who apparently controls the world and is Up To No Good. Not only does he look Japanese and has a Japanese name, but to make sure we get it that he is Japanese, they threw in a cherry tree in blossom behind him, and had him pour tea in a faux Japanese tea ceremony. After pouring the tea he immediately abandoned the ceremony thing and sat on the table drinking like you would any hot drink. It was in your face and oh so clunky and oh so ridiculous. A subtle writer who didn't want to shove things in your face would have shown him simply sitting at a normal desk without the stupid tree in the background and drinking a cappuccino. Or tea. Or anything.Just two examples of the clunkiness. I won't comment on more substantial things so as to not give away too much, but these examples are illustrative of the rest of the story.*sigh*This was after the premiere. I'll soldier on, I guess, and watch the next one next week. Such is life, one must lower one's head and keep at it. At least it was free.
It is not funny in the least. No real imagination leads to no real laughs. Each episode is the same...grownup disregards boy, boy gets his feelings hurt, grownup redeems themselves. Very formulaic. Hollywood at it's worst.
The first couple of episodes were just okay. The most interesting part was when Junior locked the girl from the diner in his storm cellar. I was rooting for her to escape. But I had to turn episode 7 off when two females started kissing. To me, this is just a glorified attempt to get more ratings. The premise of the show was already good. The addition of this other stuff was unnecessary. They should focus on better acting and less sensationalism. Anyway, it wasn't enough to keep me watching. So, I'm done.
Tenuous and tense dragged out story about surviving a one in a milllion freak situation!  How to surive in that seemingly hopeless set of circumstances is the point and it seems just way too long to hold my attenton.  I saw something like this once before similar, but in a ravine down a hillside!  I think it was better, but that's just my take on it!
This could have been much better.  I wanted to give it two stars, but John Hurt, Anna Massey and Elijah Wood give a good performance, as do the other cast members, hence the three star rating.  The story is all over the place in the desire, I think, to create the illusion of enigma.  It is enigmatic only from the standpoint the the audience is deprived of important aspects of the plot.If you follow your &#34;gut feeling&#34; in the beginning, you will find that you are right on target when the &#34;truth&#34; is finally revealed at the end.  So, okay in some respects and blessed infuriating in others.  Not my cup of tea.
Beyond slow paced, boring and cliched, is it sponsored by tobacco companies?  A jarring amount of cigarette smoking in the first 15 minutes.  Didn't finish watching it.  Watched a third and it just never got any better.  How is it getting the good reviews?  Mystery to me.  Got to be mighty bored to be entertained by this.
You would think with all the big names that we would have and acting, directing, story writing tour de force. Wrong!! Disappointed to say it was the same old spirit storyline with just a few corny same old ghost special effects. Acting was as robotic as the effects were corny. After two weeks there is little to remember and in two more weeks nothing will be remembered. Sad day for Fanning (or good if you like money).
At the beginning of the film, I felt like I needed some dramamine.  After all, I was being jerked around by not only the waves of the Oregon coast, but also the non-linear narrative as well.  Hey, I really liked some of the cinematography of this film, particularly the initial scenes in Depot Bay.  I've been there myself and it is beautiful.  The narrative technique?  Not so much.Now I don't mind flashbacks here and there, as they help the viewer understand the characters and their motivations, but this film makes you lose time and place way too much.  And it does have multiple threads of multiple people running simultaneously as well, people who you think might be so-and-so at one age and the same so-and-so at another, but you're never really quite sure until sometime probably around late in the second act.  This multi-threaded technique really worked in Seinfeld episodes:  Kramer would be having a bad day and Jerry might be having a good day, and the threads get tied up nicely at the end, for example.  But I'm not quite sure that the average person will have the patience for this over a nearly two-hour runnning span of a film.For the good.  1.  We have Charlize Theron, who always gives it a go, and she doesn't fail here.  Another very good performance by her.  2.  Kim Basinger and Jennifer Lawrence?  Adequate I'd say.  3.  I did like the fact that this film has a "deadbeat mom" instead of a "deadbeat dad."  The deadbeat dad thing's been beaten into the ground itself.For the bad.  1.  The non-linear narrative, once again.  2.  I felt as if the filmmaker was toying with my emotions with the music and situations.  3.  It felt to me as if this film was pandering to the Hispanic community.  I might be wrong, but it would be nice to hear what an Hispanic would say about this film.For the very bad.  1.  The ending.  Ack.  I won't give anything away, but they take the easy way out here.  And that easy way out goes against what we would expect of our protagonist, based upon prior behaviour.  I would have liked to see a very different ending, and I think that when you watch, you will know automatically what that ending should and must be.Can I recommend this film?  Well, if you pop a dramamine and keep your full attention to what's going on on screen, perhaps.  But I'd have to give it a minor pass if push came to shove.
Acting was atrocious; I got the feeling the captain of the ship was trying to emulate Nathan Fillion's Mal from &#34;Firefly&#34; (2002-2003) & &#34;Serenity&#34; (2005) in style, but there was one huge difference - viewers cared about Mal, partially because of Fillion being a terrific actor, but also because Mal was an awesome character.  Like others have stated, there was no true plot here; the movie was 43 minutes long, and in my book that wasted 40 minutes of my time.  Thankfully I didn't waste any cash on this movie as it was a freebie from my Amazon Prime account.  The only &#34;actor&#34; I cared about at all, was the little CGI alien critter they nicknamed &#34;Rat.&#34;  He didn't have much screen time, but he was cute enough to dominate whatever shots he was in, sort of made me think of a miniature Dobby (Harry Potter series) with a tail.  Even he wasn't enough to redeem this wasted movie.....
This show has had a few really funny segments but this season (3) I fast forwarded through a lot..too much crude language, sex, etc. You don't need all that when you are truly funny.
The writing in the past few years has become pass&eacute;. Someone gets kidnapped, some things go boom, Michael eats a yogurt. Too much predictability can make what was once a dynamic and gripping show and leave you with the belief it could have been more.
This is so not special. I mean there is so much they can do, but don't. I am not too eager to watch anymore of this series
Lots of dramatic tension, suspense, shocks and excellent performances. Entertaining and interesting from the perspective of how the human mind can justify anything - apparently.
The very dated soundtrack hurts this otherwise OK 70s crime drama. All the suspense scenes are marred by the hokey Dave Grusin score, which sounds like a dippy 1960s TV show. Some of the dialogue is spoken so quickly and mumbled that I found it hard to make out. Some have made a bit much of the Boston accents here. I'm from Massachusetts. Mitchum's accent isn't bad, but it's not fully real. His performance as the small-time crook-turned-rat who fears going back to jail is fine, but it's no Oscar winner. I did like the depiction of early 70s Boston and its suburbs, replete with many of the horrible vintage 60s and 70s Detroit autos of the period. Seeing them again made me shudder. This was based on what was probably George Higgins' best crime novel. I've never read it. Don't expect today's production values with this film. Everything moves a lot more slowly, and many shots needed tighter editing.
I abandoned watching this. I tried. As soon as the young girl cozied up to the John Krasinski character, I gave it up. It wasn't  going anywhere to begin with and now it was just trash.
I like this TV show but it does get a little old watching David's character as an overly sexual playboy who keeps up the bad habits. I'm wondering when they will introduce the episode where he catches HIV at some point. I have watched a few old girlfriends from San Francisco die because of guys like his character.  Anyway, its entertaining. Also, the male behavior in the TV show reminds of the lifestyle and mentality of a lot of men in L.A. and San Francisco which is interesting, BUT it does get old too. Its like...really??? Gross! Grow Up!
Well, what the show needs is Kono back in Hawaii with the team. I think the case was better this episode, but I fear the peripheral stuff will limit how good the show will be. I still maintain that the core four, Kono, Chin, Danny and Steve should be the focus, it is a winning combination. I'd like to see more attention paid to writing good-great cases, and less time spent on relationships and outlying characters. Having characters show up and add to the case is a good thing, having characters show up and detract from the case... sorry not a fan of it. This is a cop show! Concentrate on that. The formula of the team, and a good case.... wins.Updating this review. I am very puzzled by the way the show has become Catherine centric. She is being portrayed as the star of the show. Does that mean we are going to see less of Kono and Danny? are they going to be eliminated? I feel pretty cheated by the loss of the central team. I don't like turning on what was one of my favorite shows and seeing Steve's girlfriend is the hub now and everything is revolving around her.
Good acting, bad scripts.  I kept wanting Kelly Riley to change into clothes that were appropriate for her job.  Wearing stiletto heels on a land dump crime scene made me seriously doubt her intelligence.
This is the kind of movie that gives criticism a bad name. I appreciate its existence, but in no way could I recommend it. Of course we all see and derive different opinions from various forms of art, it's all subjective. But some forms of opinion that are displayed in this film are not only idiotic, but somewhat offensive(the holocaust...really?). There are things to read in the Shining for sure, but for the most part its just an effective ghost story with haunting visuals. Look if you believe 9/11 was a cover up for us to go into Iraq or that Neil Armstrong never landed on the moon but on a constructed Hollywood set then you're the type of audience for this film. Me I live on planet Earth.
Richard Gere, Susan Sarandon, what could go wrong?  The ending, that's what. Folks could rate this movie 1-5 stars based on their likes, interests, their taste in "film", blah, blah, blah.  It held my attention, it was mildly tense throughout the movie, but the end feels like rape.  Rape of my time and attention.  Only one time in my life have I taken note of a director... that was M. Night Shyamalan.  Sixth Sense was amazing and all my years of critiques, editing, writing, and reading, that one movie was one that caught me entirely unprepared, but satisfied.  But then, his constant and consistent failure since has convinced me to avoid anything he participates in.  Now, for the second time in my long life, a director has caught my attention. Nicholas Jarecki for Arbitrage.  Should his name ever come to my attention again I will avoid the product related to him.  All my life I've studied writing, editing, entertaining in creative forms as a matter of a love for it. Stephen King, very well loved, doesn't cross my desk after years of horrible "non" endings.  I'm inclined to writers like Dean Koontz and J. Michael Straczynski... people who appreciate their audiences and don't play idiocy with them. They have the guts to write a climax that leads to a sensible conclusion that satisfies the consumer.  If you think "Highly praised" aka "art" or "artistic" is "just wonderful", then waste your life watching movies like this one. Better still, find a foreign film where you can read the closed captions and miss the acting for your entertainment... personally, I would prefer a book if I have to read. You have to take this review based on its title, Instant Review... I rarely get upset unless my valuable time is infringed upon.  If you don't mind being moderately entertained for around 100 minutes and then going to the bathroom and missing the whole climax and conclusion, you'll like this film.  I can't give zero stars, one star would insult the 95 or so minutes of great acting and tension you'd expect from 'drama'. So two stars with the warning, 100 minutes are YOUR minutes and you deserve to enjoy all of those minute, not 95% of them.
Saw this series when it first came on TV, enjoyed most of the first season then seemed to lose interest.  Disliked the characterthat could suspend time.
This is a &#34;could be end of the world&#34; show that leaves you guessing about the crisis at hand until the creepy ending of the pilot. It reminded me of &#34;Lost&#34;, where you are introduced to the main character, especially one, as the story unfolds. Personally, I thought the pilot was well done; however, this is not a show for me. Every episode seems as though it will be necessary to understand the next so if you miss one, good luck on figuring out what happened and where it's going. I felt the acting was top notch and filming done well. Just not a show for me.
Oh, NBC... Why don't you ever learn? Who in the world working there is permanently stuck in 1997? What makes them think ANYONE wants to watch crap like this??? Okay, sure. I'm sure some people out there loved the late 90's and its cliched sitcoms.Hell, CBS has an entire block of terrible, outdated sitcoms. "Two and a Half Men," to "The Big Bang Theory." Crappy, terrible Chuck Lorre shows that only appeal to the lowest common denominator of "comedy." This is what NBC hopes to duplicate for some unknown reason, but they always fail miserably. Especially when they put out crap like this, "Welcome to the Family," and "Ironside." Remember last year's "The New Normal" and "Animal Practice?" Or cringe-worthy "Whitney?"Okay, what can I say about this show? It IS cringe worthy, it's lame, it's cheap, it's cliche, it's predictable, it's horribly pandering (to middle class liberals, the LGBT community, etc.), and it just basically sucks.There are only two other reviews on this show at the time of writing this. If I can save one person from watching crap like this, it'll be worth it.Maybe if you're over 45 and long for the cheesy sitcoms of the mid to late 90's, you'll enjoy this. That aside, its still a terrible show.Then again, what isn't on NBC, nowadays?
this seemed a little more like a mob show than a cop show with a country family running things. all
It is a nice way to while away the time, no need to think, kids love it, one of my cats likes it.
Bored me from the beginning.  Will not match another crime show.  It didn't keep me up, stopped watching it after 20 minutes.
This was a birthday present for my 3 year old grandson. I thought it looked like a merchandising heaven; special dogs, special vehicles etc. However, I could not find any merchandise in the stores???
Yet another fantasy produced by Jews (Sherri Rufh, Sam Berliner, Barry Levinson, et al) that prominently feature a black expert, in this case, forensics. Since we know that none such existed in the 1800's, the intentional but subtle brainwashing message here is that there would have been if not for the cruel, ignorant bigoted white society that prevented it, for which we should feel guilty and make atonement. Have you figured that out yet? And in productions that are present-day, it's the message that blacks are fit to rule over us and we should submit to them (when in reality they serve as fronts for Jewish political power). But please explain why in real life there are virtually no black physicists, black philosphers, black mathematicians, black brain surgeons, black rocket scientists, black engineers...heck, there are hardly any black auto mechanics! Could it have anything to do with the fact that where whites have an average IQ of 100, for black Africans it's 70, and for black americans (with most of them having some admixture of white), its only 85? Only in Jewish-produced film and TV are we constantly barraged with this propaganda. Even Barack Obama is only half-black, is of average intelligence (at best), was a failure at Occidental and only got into Columbia because he did so as a foreign exchange student from Malaysia, AND he's purely a media-creature paid for by Goldman-Sachs (again, Jewish).
Quote from the &#34;western&#34; themed episode: &#34;Anyone that is not an American put down your gun&#34;. I found it funny but this was a clear jab at us Americans. The effects are much better in this season and I really enjoyed most any episode with Daleks. Does have adult themes so not for younger kids.
This is what happens when a comedian burns out. Dunham's entire thing is his puppets, with which he insults his audience and gets away with it.  On a personal comedy-club level, this is acceptable. Once commercialized with music and fake laugh tracks, this show went to hell. In Dunham's case, since his entire show is based upon puppets, to come up with new material, you have to come up with new puppets. The scenarios that he has come up with...visiting real people and businesses and warping out obnoxiousness for humor's sake...is NOT funny. Let's not forget Dunham is JNew W*rld Ord*r and his denigration of and overt racism for the White Christian and Muslim races is nothing short of criminal! You see what his race of people REALLY thinks about other races on the planet! His stuff is NOT funny and he's reached the end of his rope...perhaps he'll hang himself with it!
This is a relatively good scifi series. Some times it is a little hard to follow and sometimes it seems to get into back stories that don't seem related. But it holds your attention.
I have always been a fan of Iron Chef long before came to America, oh and if their are other fans of the ORIGINAL Iron Chef check out (ironcheffans.info) It's a must!
Sorry to see this series came to an end. We enjoyed the characters and the situations. It was a good premise for a series.
Another nod to the grindhouse movies and based on a trailer in one of Robert Rodriguez's grindhouse films.  This action exploitation film has over the top horrible people doing above and beyond what you would normally expect.  There's a pedophiliac Santa Claus taking screaming children away in his car while nobody does anything, a corrupt police force that is in on the evil, an evil overlord with two violent sons who murder people wherever they go (including using a flamethrower on children on a school bus).  If you can handle the extreme violence there's a lot of tongue and cheek references and moments that take some of the edge off.  Naturally these evil people have it coming when the hobo pulls out his shotgun and goes to town on them all and we're glad to see it.  At times it feels like the scenes are more about the violence and very little about the story.  I like to think you can blend both but this doesn't always do it.  Dialogue is bad in certain place and I am not certain if that was done on purpose as a homage to the old films of the past.  Regardless I've seen better films of said genre and this was way over the top for my tastes. STORY/PLOTTING: C; CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: C minus to C; VIOLENCE/EXPLOITATION: B; WHEN WATCHED: end of of July 2011; OVERALL GRADE: C plus.
This series has fallen off a lot. It's disappointing and the story line is unconvincing - Owen coming to work at the firm for instance. I just don't buy it. It also feels as if they have run out of stories and everyone seems a bit tired with what they're doing. It's ok but it's not up to the same level as previous series.
unless you are interested in the techie start up fieldyou may not get the humor. it could grow on you if youlike the nerdy sort, otherwise, do not bother.
The Colony an experiemtn in what would happen when a group of strangers must survive in a post apocoalyse world.  This season the major threat was a viral outbreak that has left much of the country if not the world on the brink of total collapse.Seven people quarrintined after seventy-two hours have been taken to a compund area in which the next fifty days they must find food, shelter, water and whatever else they need to survive this new world.  Along the way they must deal with outsiders, dwindling resoruces and other threats to thier very exsitance.This season was the first I saw on tv and when it came out on dvd I grabbed the first and watched them both.  I am a bit torn in that since season two was the first time watching it I was amazed at what they were able to do i nthe fifty days and at the same time amazed at what they should have been doing fom the begining. Hello security anyone?  The people themselves are a divrse lot with those you want to watch and those you wish they would just fall into a hole and never see again.  So if you haven't seen season two check it out.  Its worlds apart fro mwhat season one was and gives you some interesting things to leanr about.
I ordered the season pass to The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. Please confirm that is the show I've ordered and not  Vanderpump Rules. If your customers want to see Vanderpump Rules they will likely order it. I thought the new cast members would be really introduced, not all these kids who work in a restaurant from another show. Hopefully this will be the last advertising coup at our expense.
This has been done so much better so many times .... both in books and film that I found it to be quite dull and predictable.  Characters are stereotypes.  I don't know who to blame -- producer?  writer?  director?  I watched 30 minutes then skipped to the end to see if I had figured out who did it  -- I had, but anyone familiar with the genre would do the same.
I've followed this series since the beginning and found the cast and their portrayal likeable, the conversations light and enjoyable.  The lead character was a bit sarcastic and portrayed more likely as not as a bit of an ass.  Saying inappropriate things, but other supporting characters in awkward situations (it was a bit unbelievable that a &#34;real&#34; police officer would get by with some of his shenanigans without at least getting a slap on the wrist &#34;Oh, so you publicly accused 5 people of murder this episode, announced this person was having an affair, we love you anyway, good job.....&#34;  sort of thing.Though that nagged at me a bit personally, still all in all it was entertaining.Storylines?  Murders and such?  Nothing earthshaking here, a Sherlock this guy (character) ain't.Somewhere along the line they dropped or resolved a lot of the interpersonal issues, which was all that was really driving this thing in Season(s) 2-3, and the direction seems to be to focus on the problems of the single mom in the show &#34;Callie&#34; to a large extent.  I'm sure there's a demographic that loves the whole selecting the wedding date, what apartment should I live in, and how do I deal with my teenage son....Me?  Not so much.So, I would recommend season 1 - 4 stars  2 - 3.5 stars  3 - 3.0 stars 4 - 3.0 stars and droppingSince I'm a cord cutter and am paying by the episode for this, current plan is to drop this (Since I've since found the episodes on Plex.)Bottom line, nice little comedy-drama that so far this season I've had absolutely no inclination to go back and rewatch any episode.
&#34;Transparent&#34; is 1 of 2 of the new Prime series that attempts to combine a cutting edge topic with drama and way too much sex. I guessed from the beginning what the title referred to but that was not a turn off. Instead, it was just one twisted bad acted mess after another. It tied way too hard to combine the drama of HBO with the sex of Cinemax and failed at both. Jeffrey Tambor has much better acting in him than what I saw in this.
Hello Writers stop the stupidity !!!  Please do not JUMP THE SHARK ....Austin from Houston is 183 miles unless you are driving 90 miles an hour you are not 2 hours away.  Other junk about the wellsite was just too stupid for words.  But the entire lighting the water faucet what an absurdity.  Please do not ruin this series - has been a bit of fun for me each week !Earlier, in 'Golden Hammer' was bad enough looking at the landscape photos where actual hills were portrayed in Houston.  HILLS????? really ??  , however, one can bypass that part as not significant to the story line.
I wanted to like this movie, I have great respect for our armed forces who risk their lives every day. However, the whole film felt too even, lacking highs and lows. The story was a bit jumbled, and often I wasn't sure what of significance actually happened, because the story was so muddled. I've wanted to see a movie about the SEALS for years. Not really this one. Still I appreciate any attempt to bring what they do to public awareness.
Surprisingly enough this show did not hold the attention of my two little ones. If a show is dull they move on within 5 minutes...and that's what they did. I however love this show!
Season Three presents us with more of the same. The Town of Lunenburg continues to be a major character in the series and the brothers who co-publish the local paper still steal every scene in which they appear though their part in the goings on in town becomes more and more ambiguous and sinister. The byplay between Nathan and Duke continues to amuse and as the season begins it becomes apparent that the shot fired off camera at the end of season 2 as the two were struggling with one another was a tease. New twists include seeing Nathan shot to death and resurrected and he and Duke tele-ported back to 1955. We get to hear the same music featured in October Sky. Somehow the plots seem to become more contrived this year. The mystery of who Audrey is and how she came to be in Haven continues to develop and we are left wandering how long she will remain, will she disappear as mysteriously as she came, and will she reappear. I cared more about the outcome in the first two seasons but it would be a rare show that killed off one of its three main characters.
Good guys, bad guys and a little girl who could be used for either.  The good guys do an unbelievably bad job of being good.  The bad guys do an unbelievably bad job of being bad and the little girl is totally confused.  She knows she has some special capabilities but doesn't seem to know why.  OK, she's a little girl, so let that one go for a while.However, both the good guys and the bad guys know that the little girls capabilities could be used as a &#34;weapon&#34;.  Presumably a weapon of mass destruction or something to do with world domination.  Yeah, right, now that's totally believable.From the little bits and pieces thrown in all over the place the following seems to be the story line:  Some rich guy got mixed up in genetic mutation and found he could manipulate people with &#34;special&#34; capabilities.  Some of the people who worked for the rich guy didn't like the direction he was going so they split and became the &#34;good guys&#34;, leaving the rich guy and whoever he had left to be the &#34;bad guys&#34;.  But the plot thickens.  The good guys kidnap (that's a crime) a little girl because they can see that the bad guys are going to use her for no good.  Then they break a convicted criminal out of jail to be the girls &#34;protector&#34;.  And if we believe the sub plot, this crim really is a bad guy.  Even the little girl picks up on it.  The guy looks at her and tears develop.  The girl tells him he's crying because he used to be good once.  That implies that he really is bad now.  But I'm innocent he says. And the &#34;wise&#34; little girl says, that's what everyone in jail claims.  So why have the good guys picked this one particular &#34;bad&#34; guy to be her protector.  Because....wait for it....because he's her father. Wow!!Ok, so it is a very confusing tale (so far at least) but none of that is helped by the twists and turns that simply go unanswered and are all left to our imagination.  Take the female assassin.  Not a very good one as she fails in every attempt.  So she just up and disappears from the scene to be replaced by a male assassin who obviously isn't any better.  Take the scenario at the casino.  The &#34;protector&#34; convinces the girl to use her capabilities to help him win some money (to replace the bag full he left on a fire escape).  So rightly or wrongly, she helps him rip off a craps table to the tune of 30K.  When he notices that the girl is no longer sitting in the eatery, he panics, cashes in his chips and leaves to find the kid.  Now during his sojourn at the craps table, there was a craps table boss.  He had never seen this guy before and so when he ups and leaves, this &#34;table boss&#34; knows nothing about him other than he was a big winner who suddenly cashed in his chips and left.So we break to the &#34;table boss&#34; who sneaks out into the stair well for a quick smoke.  The male assassin follows him out and starts to beat the crap (no pun intended) out of the craps table boss, expecting him to know everything about the big winner, like who he is, where he went and on and on the saga goes, becoming more unbelievable with every word that is spoken and every disjointed scene that is played out.There is one theme in the show (I suspect a story line stolen from another show) where the little girl does something &#34;good&#34; for someone.  In the first episode it was a young doctor who wanted to toss in the towel.  In the second episode it was a young boy who needed really expensive life saving treatment.  If my suspicions are correct, this story line will continue throughout the rest of the series and some where amongst all the confusion that is the show, the girl will find someone to do something good for in each ensuing episode.I find it hard to believe that people like JJ Abrahams and organizations like Bad Robot got involved in something as poorly produced as this.  I just hope they got their money up front, because I don't &#34;believe&#34; it will last.  What a title for a show.  &#34;Believe&#34;.  Unfortunately it is so &#34;unbelievable&#34; that it makes a mockery of the title.
It seems that only the last two episodes of the second half of series seven were worthy of applause. The others just didn't seem as great, very little of Clara, if anything, was actually explained until the last episode. It feels like the doctor would only keep wondering to himself who Clara was and then try to hide that fact from Clara; and while Clara was a nice companion she never really seemed to grow on me. I mean she's cute and all but was she ever really needed beyond 1 or two episodes? SHE WAS ALMOST LIKE AND EQUAL AND NEVER REALLY CHALLENGED THE DOCTOR.
I loved this show and even got my wife into it. Now she repels any other tv suggestions I may have. Why? Because they canceled the series! So now Ive got The Event (which I would feel guilty if I said this was great and people went and paid the per episode price, I'm a prime member so I its included). The Event, along with The 4400 to mention another great show that was canceled without any closure, had a lot of different story lines which had the potential for some great stuff.  That is the reason for the hate it rating, producers and executives don't deserve positive credit for shows with great writing and acting that they themselves cancel. I stopped looking to network or ad absed channels for good TV. Of course AMC has some exceptions as does FX. Oh well that's my 2 cents.
we are kind of limping along with this last season of the show. it is not what it once was and indeed that is why it was cancelled.  the viewers began realizing this across the board and ratings fell. however, knowing that this is the last season, i am having an ok time watching it finish out.  it is more like a daytime soap opera now than an evening show.the less i see of susan on the show, the better i like it.  this episode thus wasn't bad as the last episode heavily concerned her so we mainly just checked into to see if she and mike were ok. lynette is still separated from tom but it is tom who seems to be blooming as a result. it was great to see her reaction as tom was the first to start dating. (big surprise  bree is having to deal with her daughter and grandson living with her. she helps her daughter start up a home based business without any real idea of what it is. and gaby goes to war with the head parent at the school, who is also the traffic warden, who consigns her to the worst parking lot.  gaby fights back, of course.for what it is, it is ok. i usually am working on something else while i watch it. i like it well enough to see it through to the end.  if amazon let us use half stars i probably would give it 3.5 stars instead of 3.
One of my favorite shows Goes through the Tubes on this Last season sadly,the magic is no longer there,some of the original cast members are still sure,terry also but it's not the same,Funny but not the same.
i think this rendition of the book could have been better.  the actors try their best; but dialogue is melodramatic and a bit pretentious it seems.  book much better.
Well, I thought I would try this video library service since it was the one reasonable way that I could view an episode before the new season started.  The video was viewable on my laptop and was excellent quality.  The issue that I had with this service is that unlike DVDs. I have to be hooked up to stream the media.  I can't just download it and burn it to DVD, at least not eazily.  The result is that I cannot share this video with my Mother who is now hooked on season one.  I don't mind the video library, but I must have a way to view this offline.  Oh yeah.  My TV in the living room is internet connected through an X-box; however, the only way to view the video is to subscribe to Microsoft through some Gold membership.  Quite expensive for a video wouldn't you think.  I will now search for the DVD so that I can watch it anywhere I like!
This series is interesting, but uses re-enactments quite a bit, and it gets monotonous rather quickly. There are other military history series, such as &#34;In the Line of Duty&#34; that are much better.
I bought the whole first season because it was cheaper that way but the places they visit are just tourist haunts.  It's the usual claims with the usual purported evidence.  It's right up there with watching paint dry as far as entertainment goes.  You can watch better stuff on You Tube for free, like the Dorset Ghost Investigators.  I wouldn't buy a second season of this.  It will be a slog to watch all of Season One.  Oh and the sound recording is really echo-ish and annoying.
When I was little, I used to despise watching this program, and I only hate it more now. Every episode, of course, is repetitive (I know it is a nursery schoolers' television cartoon, but there are more educational, entertaining series out there, such as "Little Bear" or "Little Bill", that can educate children without repeating themselves continuously) and predictable, even for a three-year-old child. When I was a small child, I understood that, whether you answered a fourth wall-breaking cartoon character's questions or not, they were going to find out the answer on their own anyway, and it can grow tedious waiting for every little scene that you knew to expect after viewing previous episodes to be over with so the next boring, repetitive scene can appear and bring you closer to the conclusion of the episode. I know that many little children don't realize that Dora will figure out the answers to her endless supply of obvious questions on her own as soon as the blue arrow clicks on a landmark along the path for her, but I did and hated to watch her. I also thought that the characters were ugly. I mean, Dora did teach me some Spanish, but most of the time she bored me out of my mind.
Good to know that these types of programs are available; too fast /quick to really get into the situation.  Glad to see that this type of program is aired but it just needs a little something more.  No need for drama, just missing something to enable better connection.
This pilot was kinda slow at the start but most pilots usually are,  but by half way I was entertained!  They they made an apocalypse show into some sort of extra terrestrial show, and not even a believable one at that!
I used to enjoy Modern Marvels, then I realized that the narrator's voice was just soothing me to sleep at 3am, and that I needed to get back out into the world again and stop watching this annoying show.Except the cool ones where they build big ships and stuff like that. !!!!! If it is about jet-powered engines, or awesome fighter jets, or high-powered weapons, it's like, hey boyfriend, let's watch this. Otherwise, do you need to know? Really?There was kind of a Willy Wonka one where they made candy. That was cool. LOL! But seriously? More JET FIGHTER PLANES! That's like, what you need to know about. Also REALLY EXPENSIVE CARS like LAMBORGHINIS! Otherwise, don't bother watching, you'll fall asleep.
It was alright not horrible.
This was a low budget little indy film with some surprisingly good performances...especially from the lead, Najarra Townsend. Some of the effects were a bit daffy, however, it held my interest, the story was well told, and her performance made the difference in the film.
Bunch of people, trapped in a small area by forces they do not understand, limited resources, some people panic, leaders subdue them, some people die, etc... where have we seen this, before? Oh, yeah. On board the Destiny. It's the Destiny, with pick-up trucks and cows.And the residents of Chester's Mill aren't the smartest antelope on the range. Like 47 people stand *watching* a house fire, and HAVE NO IDEA what to DO, until Our Hero shows up and tells them, "Bring water!" Oh, ya THINK?Maybe it's a fire thing. Because later, Our Heroine is in the catacombs with CrazyPsycho ('cuz you gotta have one of those), and she has a BIG (cardboard, *flammable*) box of matches. Any THINKING adult would say, "Hmmmn...we're LOST and need our light to last as long as possible."You could make at least 5 mini-torches out of that (again, LARGE) matchbox, as well as from (surely) some crap in CrazyPsycho's pack, but nooooo. She burns ALL the matches, lets the last one burn out, and drops the matchbox on the ground."What do we do now?"I wanted to yell, "Lay down and DIE, because you're too stupid to go on!"I have a few more episodes on my app; I'll try one more, but if they persist in being doorknobs, I don't think I can take much more.Update 10/02/13: Someone let slip to me what the explanation of The Dome turns out to be. It's actually pretty much the silly thought that first occurred to me during the sequence when the dome comes down. But it was so silly, I dismissed it.NOPE! IT'S PRETTY SILLY! I can't believe they're dragging this out past Season 1. This would have made an interesting mini-series (do they still do those?), but I'm done with this show. I've given up caring WHAT the dome is, WHY it's there, or HOW they'll escape.I just don't care, anymore.
From a technical perspective, Steven Silver's "The Bang Bang Club" is a film that seems easy to love. Filled with grittily realistic action, earnest performances, and a topic that is inherently fascinating and dramatic--this had all the potential in the world. Covering the true story of a notorious group of photojournalists that immersed themselves in war-torn South Africa during the violent post-Apartheid era, these correspondents lived their lives on the front lines as the country unraveled in preparing for free elections. The danger, the pain, the thrills--it was a world unlike any other, but they thrived and excelled in the environment (two won Pulitzer prizes for their photos). But it also took a toll. The moral questions that arise when you report on atrocity but do nothing to stop it is certainly one of the weightier issues that might be explored in a biographical picture of this sort. And yet despite this fantastic source material, Silver's film seems strangely muted and impersonal.Without a doubt, I think this subject matter might have made for one of the most harrowing and powerful films of the year. Ryan Phillippe plays the lead, who begins the narrative as a new freelance photographer to the area. He immediately makes his mark as, against all better judgement, he wanders into a Zulu encampment and captures some incredibly intimate photos from the inside. His recklessness and bravado endear him to an established group of journalists, and they become fast friends. With Taylor Kitsch (Friday Night Lights) and Malin Akerman as the other more known names in the cast, everyone does well with the material that they are given--but something is missing. The screenplay never really lets us get close to the protagonists. What a tremendously fascinating group of people, but I still have no idea who they were as individuals. It's an incredibly disappointing oversight--because by remaining distant from the characters, the film lacks the devastating impact that would have made it unforgettable.Kitsch gets some of the film's more effective emotional moments, and is surprisingly convincing. Phillippe never really alters his demeanor and, without any character insight, tends to come across as one note. The other two members of the Bang Bang Club (as they became nicknamed in the press) are likable enough but are never developed with any sort of intimacy. You really want to understand these guys--what drove them into this life and this world and sustained them. But the film maintains a hands-off approach to any psychological exploration. The movie is about the club and, yet, they remain aloof. I wanted to know more and I wanted to love this movie! But the lack of character development and insight diminishes the film's power. Still worth seeing, particularly if you have an interest in the topic, the movie might have been a devastating must-see for adult audiences. As is, it is a rather impersonal (but well made) document of the times. KGHarris, 8/11.
Remember that movie &#8216;Howl&#8217;, the one that was supposed to net James Franco an Oscar?  Yeah, I don&#8217;t either.  I mean, I remember it only because it had that early-hype due to subject and actor, but I never saw it and I really don&#8217;t think many people who didn&#8217;t stumble into it while it made the festival circuit did either.  It was directed by these two guys, Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman, and it got so-so reviews and basically disappeared.This should have all been a sign.I remember back in the early months of 2013, when I was considering predictions for the 2013 Oscars (yes, I&#8217;m an addict) and a name that I kept flirting with was Amanda Seyfried.  She was all over the red carpets for &#8216;Les Miserables&#8217; and many people were saying that she was breaking through, finally, after years of basically being ignored or taking a backseat.  I mean, she technically took a backseat then too, to Anne Hathaway, but she was a red carpet sensation and people were taking notice.  Then it was announced that she was going to be playing Linda Lovelace and it just felt like a sign from heaven.  Young starlet getting the role of a lifetime playing the most recognizable name in the adult film industry.  It doesn&#8217;t hurt that that name is attached to a very well-known film and that star was abused in multiple ways by multiple people.Talk about Oscar bait.The problem with &#8216;Lovelace&#8217; is that it lacks any style to make the substance, which is there, feel fresh and exciting.  The grungy want that it is filmed (to emulate the porn era) is interesting and then dull at the same time (been there done that) and while the two-fold storytelling (telling the story twice, once glossed over and the second brutally honest) it isn&#8217;t enough to give the film the needed umph.  The character development is scarce (Look scared Seyfried!  Act mean Sarsgaard!) and this dampens the impact that this film, and her life, could have had.Linda Lovelace was brought up in a strict home and she was a merely curious young woman swept off her feet by a no good man who pretended to be good until he put a ring on her finger and then decided to beat her and sell her out for her body in order to pay his debts.  Epstein and Friedman have no visual style or storytelling skills and so the film really feels flat.  It doesn&#8217;t help that Seyfried&#8217;s performance is so bland and uninspired, and this really could have been an undeniable knock out role for her.  Sarsgaard fares slightly better, since he has a flashy character, but we&#8217;ve seen him play a sleaze MANY times, and he&#8217;s done it far better before (this is reminiscent of his turn in &#8216;Boys Don&#8217;t Cry&#8217; except not as fresh or as memorable).  Honestly, Chris Noth and Bobby Cannavale are the most memorable presences in this film, and they don&#8217;t really do a whole lot except &#8216;fit&#8217;.Don&#8217;t even get me started on James Franco&#8217;s TERRIBLE cameo as Hugh Hefner.At the end of the day, &#8216;Lovelace&#8217; isn&#8217;t offensive or bad as much as it&#8217;s pointless, and that&#8217;s sad.  What is it with all these boring directors getting their hands on baity biopics?  I mean, I understand that the biopic is becoming a tired genre, but true auteurs have given such life to these stories in the past.  In the right hands, this could have been a grittier, more violent &#8216;Boogie Nights&#8217;, but instead this feels like a Lifetime movie.
I've found that message movies for the most part offer incredibly boring films that while trying to speak from the heart inevitably fail to entertain or hold your attention for long. Rarely does one succeed. For the most part these movies fail miserably and disappear from memory quickly. How many can say that they're fans of LIONS FOR LAMBS? You don't recall it? Not a surprise.For the most part message movies don't do much harm, though on rare occasions overzealous film makers tend to offer simplistic discussions promoting a topic they believe rather than an unbiased account. The majority of these movies seem to head straight to DVD rather than receive theatrical runs. That's not always a bad thing. Once in a while a decent movie comes out and gets into homes this way. Such is the case with A DARK TRUTH.Andy Garcia stars as Jack Begosian, an ex-CIA agent who now hosts his own political talk radio program. Trying to rebuild his life and steer clear of his past, Begosian must face his history when he is asked by one of the owners of a water purification company to investigate the particulars of a small village in South America. It seems that almost everyone there died of something wrong in the water. Begosian at first refuses but when he is told that the leader of a small group trying to get the truth out is Francisco Francis (Forest Whittaker) he agrees. It seems that Begosian owes a debt to Francis but we're not aware of what that is until later.On the run from corrupt leaders and military officials Francis and his group move through the jungle simply trying to avoid capture. Amazingly Begosian has no problem finding them though. He approaches them and offers them help at about the same time the military shows to take out as many as they can. On the run Begosian learns what the actual problem is and that Francis has the proof that will show the world what happened.The message here becomes one of corporate greed and manipulation. The evil corporate giant that has contracts around the world in water purification and management has failed in the small town mentioned before. Rather than seek out a solution to the problem they instead have tried to erase it so they can continue to market their product around the world and increase their wealth. Why they wouldn't seek out a solution to the problem so they can continue to profit from a good product doesn't matter. What matters is portraying corporations as all evil, all bad and all willing to kill to keep information from reaching the public.So yes, the film becomes predictable for the most part. It still is well made and acted and offers some mild entertainment. Just don't get sucked into the message. Are there terrible corporations in this world who will exploit the masses for a buck? I have little doubt. But cookie cutting movies will most likely not be the thing that leads to change. Still the movie offers a mild distraction and decent enough production values to make it worth watching.
If this is the only way to get somebody to learn history, we have a social problem of epic proportions.  Bad bad message.  I watched a few shows and was appalled.  There are a million documentaries with better content, and the delivery isn't coming from someone who is slurring, puking, or curled up on the floor.  How low can you go.
This show was entertaining but predictable. This is the kind of show you watch when nothing else is on. I was mildly amused. It put a smile on my face. I like the cast. Good acting also.  Most of the characters were like-able and the others I didn't overtly dislike but felt indifferent toward.  And I always love to &#34;hate a character&#34; brings me back for more. In conclusion, I could leave it or take it. Either way.
Jack and Diane appealed a lot to me at first glance. The uniquely sounding blend of romance and horror is something that definitely is up my alley. However upon viewing this very strange and offbeat drama, it wasn't quite what I would have expected. The main thing that left me hanging was the horror aspect. After waiting for the horror to arrive, at the end the only real horror elements were a few sequences that didn't quite deserve a `horror' genre tag on the film. I'm used to films not being what they are marketed as, so that wasn't a huge deal. However something else just had me put off through the most of the film. The two main actresses (Juno Temple and Riley Keough) have next to no charisma. Between the huh's and what's, not a whole lot is said. They're trying to make us believe they're lovers, having fallen in love at first sight, but their characters give us no real reason to believe so aside from making out whenever convenient. The "horror" elements come into play, making more of a metaphorical contribution, and give the film a unique experimental feel and dark tone. There are also a few scenarios that work their way in, not having any major relation to anything going on in the movie, that really had me not wanting to look away. I had a hard time putting my finger on this film. I didn't love jack and Diane, but at the same time it had me wanting to keep watching. As a unique and weird teenage romance, the film has a lot of cool things going on for it. But as a whole, it seemed kind of lost, not sure of which one of its features it wanted to pay the most attention to.Source: criticnic.com 3 April 2013Disclosure: Film sent by Magnolia Pictures
comedy is a matter of taste. this guy was a little funny but there are others that are far funnier than this guy
Not the best documentary nor did it provide any earth-shattering perspectives on the serial killer.  Nonetheless it was interesting and provided some new angles I had not seen/heard/read before.
Amber Lake (2011) is about a psychologist who contacts his three daughters, and brings them all together for the first time.  Although the story opens with the discovery of a body floating in a lake, it is more of a drama with elements of mystery and suspense, rather than a horror film.  As the story unfolds, it does so from different points of view.  Some spoilers follow.Accomplished psychiatrist Patrick Thomas (Carmen Argenziano) has fathered three daughters, each by a different woman.  Thomas has a home on the shore of Lake Amber in Michigan, and each of his daughters was named Amber, after this body of water.  Only one of the three half sisters, Amber Thomas (Polly Cole) is aware that Patrick Thomas is her father.  The other two, Amber Allen (Natalie Smyka) and Amber Hannold (Mekenna Melvin), have no idea who their real father is.  All three are completely surprised by the unexpected invitation to visit Thomas' home to meet their father and half-sisters.The initial meeting isn't exactly smooth, as each Amber attempts in their own way, to come to terms with the unusual and bizarre situation.  After a rocky start, the party of four convenes at a local restaurant the next day.  Patrick Thomas tells his daughters that they are each very troubled, and that he has brought them together for an "intervention".He then proceeds to clinically analyze each of his daughters, beginning with Amber Hannold, who gets angry and walks out.  Amber Allen is next, and after hearing her father's brutal assessment, she also leaves.  More open to what her father was to say, Amber Thomas says she realizes that she has psychological problems.After this incident, the story jumps forward to the following day, when the good doctor is found floating dead in the lake.  Officer Eugene Stockard (Timothy Murphy) individually questions each woman about what happened after they left the restaurant.  While there are some points of similarity, the stories vary widely in the details.  After presenting the three recollections, the film concludes with another reveal, and a dark resolution that will probably be depressing, for those that become invested in these somewhat damaged characters.The backstory of this film, which currently has a solid 7.2 rating at IMDB, is that Polly Cole, Natalie Smyka, and Mekenna Melvin (Chuck TV series), were all interested in working together, so they combined to write the screenplay for Amber Lake, along with Cole's husband Joe Robert Cole, who is also the director.  The resulting story is dominated by scenes featuring the women interacting with each other in various ways, as they take their respective characters down some rather divergent roads.As the lead actors and director were involved in the writing, one would assume that the film is mostly true to their vision.  While there certainly are some self indulgent and overdramatic moments, the acting performances remain interesting, and things don't go spinning completely off the edge, as the film has a Lifetime Channel vibe, with no graphic violence.  Veteran actor Carmen Argenziano, does a solid job as the detached and practically emotionless Thomas, who claims to be interested in the welfare and happiness of his daughters, but with a huge ego, is simply incapable of communicating with them in any meaningful manner.  It's hard to believe in his ability to solve the problems of others, when he seems to give up hope for his own family much too quickly.Amber Lake is a bittersweet drama, that provides a brief glint of hope, before finishing on a down note.  For a moment, the daughters come together and speak of trying to help their father, but fate intervenes, resulting in a much different future for them all.  This is not a horror movie, but if you are in the mood for a dark drama, you might try taking a trip to Amber Lake.
Grey's anatomy is a well known &#34;medical drama&#34; having made it to its 9th season at this point. That said, the only updates it seems to have received in the last 8 years are that it has moved further from &#34;medical&#34; and far more into plain &#34;drama.&#34;Grey's has moved further and further away from the actual medicine. These days almost every episode is about the drama of the main characters themselves and their personal lives. While that has always been a theme, it always took place within the greater backdrop of the hospital. By the time we hit Season 9, the setting of the show almost doesn't matter. These could be workers at a Starbucks and the basics of the show would be the same.The problem here is that so much drama has happened to these characters at this point that it is hard to feel any connection to them anymore. There's hardly a doctor among them who hasn't been stabbed, shot, died, brought back to life, married, divorced, remarried, re-divorced, sued, pregnant, leaving, returning, etc. There's only so much that can happen to one character before you just become disconnected from the whole thing.If you're a fan of the series, this season  is probably worth watching. If you're iffy on the whole theme to begin with, it might be time to just say enough is enough and find something fresh.
All I can remember about this movie is the love scenes. The young lady preparing the spaghetti was so DELICIOUS !!Tobey Maguire is the not very convincing in this role.
A cross-dressing dad and his three selfish adult children try to deal with their problems. The show has great acting and dialogue, but could use a new location to really sell it. A rich, liberal family living in LA and they are treating lesbianism and cross-dressing like a big dirty secret in 2014?  If this was a middle-class family in the Midwest, I'd find it both more realistic and interesting. And while this is classified as a comedy, I didn't see any jokes, just drama. Well, unless you count the scene where spoiled, youngest daughter gets spanked by her personal trainer in the middle of a park during their first session, but I laughed out of pure the whole absurd silliness of the scene than any intended joke. If the show focuses on the dad, this could be a great show, but I don't see much interest in the kids alone. The mom and her new husband who is suffering from some kind of neurological disorder also could be interesting, if depressing, but the scene wasn't long enough to tell us much. I guess the son is suppose to have some kind of secret, too, but I'm still not sure what it is. I know it has to with him running off to have sex with a mysterious woman, but what's the big deal about her? That she's not 19? That she doesn't have a 25 inch waist? Not very relatable or really a problem unless you live in an extremely shallow and material world prefaced on acquiring aesthetic status artifacts. But hey, maybe that is the point?
I was a fan of Buffy, Angel, and Firefly, so I had high hopes for this.Well, we've got lots of shots of scantily clad young women, no chemistry between characters, no endearing characters, and a story about a kidnapped and abused girl.  Nothing like delving into a parent's worst nightmare with characters we don't care about.  Oh well, that's that.
I love horror movies, and I love anthologies, AND I even love found-footage stuff. Sadly, this is pretty lame.For one thing, it's possible to do horror without having the entire cast of characters be un-relateable douches. Not here, though. Everyone is grating, obnoxious, and obtusely stupid. The first story is so full of screaming and shaking the camera that it's nearly unwatchable. The wraparound story is likewise bad (and it's a cast of douches).Sure, it's somewhat inventive, but you're better off going to watch an hour and a half of amateur stuff on YouTube (there will be less camera shaking and OMG-I-HAVE-A-CAMERA LET ME ZOOM IN ON EVERYTHING idiocy).Pass.
Not quite sure how to explain my rating of this film but it was an okay movie on a rainy day. Lots of blood and gore so hide the kiddos. I covered my dogs eyes hahaha!
Like this pilot think it is great but a little slow, more like a law n order. I can't say I would watch it if they made it a series as there are sooooo many cop/court/detective dramas already. too original I like Bosch the character just want more gritty, dirty and grime. and maybe more action than just a fall down a hill. but for those who love and I mean love :) cop shows that are more about the investigation, this is for you-enjoy.
On the plus side, this is a very tightly and professionally put together film. It's well edited, reasonably well structured, and contains a lot of footage from Hollywood A-listers (and some I would consider B-listers) telling their stories and giving their perspectives. Another plus is that the paparazzi too are given a chance to tell their side of the story.But on the down side, unless you've been living under a rock for the last 15 years or so, it contains little if anything that you won't have heard before. And yes, I really do mean many, many times before.Paparazzi, high price of fame, invasion of privacy, telephoto lenses, people's homes, Princess Dianna, Paris Hilton, Kim Kardashian, it didn't used to be like this back when the studios ran things, sometimes the celebs or their agents set these things up themselves, the people buying the gossip mags or visiting the gossip websites bear ultimate responsibility...Won't somebody please think of the children...You know the drill.I originally titled this review "Nothing You Haven't Heard Many, Many Times Before". But then I realized that wasn't entirely true. It did tell the story of how back when the studios ran things, one magazine got info on Rock Hudson's homosexuality. It then went to his studio and basically said "give us something better or we'll run this". The studio then offered up another, far less prominent (and less profitable) homosexual actor on a platter, who was subsequently outed in the magazine and had his career ruined. Why the magazine went with this instead of doing the Rock Hudson piece isn't entirely clear, but anyway, that's the story. It takes up about a minute of screen time, and is literally the only thing in this film you might not have heard about before.As for the rest... It's not that I really disagree with anything this film has to say. It's just that like I keep saying, we've heard it all SO many times before.Given the almost total absence anything we're not all already completely familiar with (if not to say positively drenched in), I'd have to describe this work as what William Gibson prophetically called a "meta-tabloid" in his novelVirtual Light, published way back in 1994.Great book, by the way. Time spent reading that would be far better used than the time it takes to watch this.Theo.
this movie was boring and felt so fake and staged to me.  Did not enjoy it but kept waiting to see if it got better
Very slow moving story...not very enticing...sound quality not great.  We did not finish this movie as it did not hold our interest.  Unusual experience at best.
To review this one is difficult. The acting was fabulous but, but, it is so, so graphically violent. I love the main actor and he did a splendid job. I do wonder how good it is for those who are not mentally balanced to see things like this? I almost could not believe that I was watching it? It was pretty hard on the senses to think of such things as this. I also found it difficult to believe that the one character could not put the pieces together? I think that is a normal horror ploy? The guy who plays the main character is ever so handsome&#8230;..he was a dancer prior to acting and it shows in his movements. It does however, make him a bit more creepy to be so well composed and show no emotions for what he has done.If you watch this, I am unsure if it should be watched unless all your hinges are bolted down.
This is the kind of show I watch when I have something else to do (dishes, filing, whatever). It's fine, but by Season 3, the same themes of backstabbing and office politics/betrayal/OMG you didn't go to Harvard are becoming rather tedious. The women are poured into their dresses and teetering about on 5-inch heels, so that's fairly goofy after a while. The original premise of a brilliant, unconventional guy who has landed in the middle of a high-powered law firm carried the first season but now that his soul has been captured and he has become one with the enemy, I'm not sure I'll sign up for much more of this.
I didn't think that it wasn't very impressive. It had some good moments but I didn't look for more episodes.
Mutant Chronicles(released Oct/08)stars Ron Perlman as Brother Samuel,John Malkovich as Constantine and Thomas Jane as Sgt.Hunter.While watching it,I could not help but see the resemblance to a video game,which came out a year later,called Necromancer,which had the same kind of plot and setting.The plot finds Earth cordoned off into global pockets by big corporations in the year 2707.Each area is fighting the other for supremacy over resources.The soldiers and battles look like WW1,involving alot of trench warfare.The armaments however are retro-futuristic which betray its`older look.A back story explains that 10,000 years before an alien machine landed on earth and tried to devolve humanity into something of its own making;mutants.Mankind then got the upper hand and buried the machine far below ground and sealed it up.Well,the on going battles above have finally broken the seal and soldiers are becoming mutants once more.They are attacking any side they can.However the non-mutant soldiers believe their opponents are responsible for the horrors being slowly unleashed.By the time they figure it out Earth is in great danger.An ancient order dedicated to preserving the memory of the machine and how to defeat it if it should ever pose a threat to mankind again,comes to the fore.Earth turns its hopes to them in order to save itself.The leader of the order,Brother Samuel,leads a small band of men and women to the bowels of the earth,through ancient buildings and shafts.During the entire time they must battle mutants constantly.Once they reach the machine,those that are left dwindle down even more until there is only one man left standing.He unlocks the secret which sends the machine flying back into space.The final fadeout shows the ship in vast space with Mars to the right.Most of humanity has left Earth to colonize Mars,so will the ship fly into unknown regions or follow humanity to become a terrible threat again?The plot does become involved but not too much so as to leave one scratching ones head.This is an effects driven movie,instead of preferably being the other way around.Ron Perlman does well as the Irish Brother Samuel.Malkovich doesn't have a big part but he makes the most of what he has.Thomas Jane takes most of the lead here as a tough sergeant who has been through hell and back in the wars,and ends up following the team Brother Samuel leads.Overall,I found the pace can be slow at times,so the constant stop/starting can get tedious.Other than that there is just not enough to really put this movie head and shoulders above average.It is not really bad but it is not really good either.Technically speaking the film is clear and crisp in its w/s a/r of 1:85:1.Other than the trailer,that is all you get.All in all just a fair to middling film about an alien machine rising once more to create a mutant race of all mankind.The acting is good,and the plot interesting,but not enough to render it anything but average.
If they made it a tad more about friendships and detective work, and a lil' less like a CW teen soap it would be a pretty great show.
The Bob Hope MGM Legends Collection contains seven of the funny man's films, spanning over two decades of Hope's illustrious screen career.  Bob Hope (1903-2003) got his start in vaudeville, and enjoyed a successful career in radio and on the stage, and became a huge star in film and on television.  In the movies, Hope's style was usually characterized by fast talking, witty repartee, and generally being light on his feet.  After teaming with Bing Crosby and Dorothy Lamour, in The Road To Singapore (1940), the first of the seven "Road" pictures, Hope's career elevated to new heights.In chronological order, the films in this collection are They've Got Me Covered (1943), The Princess and the Pirate (1944), Alias Jesse James (1959), The Facts of Life (1960), The Road to Hong Kong (1962), I'll Take Sweden (1965), and Boy, Did I Get A Wrong Number (1966).  A quick summary of the films follows:They've Got Me Covered (3.5 stars)Set in Washington D.C. during World War II, Hope plays a newspaper reporter who is on the trail of some Axis agents who are trying to implement a nefarious plan.  Dorothy Lamour co-stars.The Princess and the Pirate (3.5 stars)Bob plays an entertainer on a ship bound for America, who gets tangled up with a princess (Virginia Mayo), when the ship is captured by pirates.Alias Jesse James (3 stars)Set in the American West, Hope is an insurance salesman who sells Jesse James (Wendell Corey) a life insurance policy, and then has to try and make sure that no harm comes to the infamous outlaw.The Facts of Life (4 stars)Comedic legend Lucille Ball co-stars with Bob in this sensitive and funny drama about marriage, love, and fidelity.  Not to be missed.The Road to Hong Kong (2.5 stars)The final installment in the "Road" series finds Hope and partner Bing Crosby involved in an out of this world escapade, as Russians agents send the pair on a rocket trip to the moon.  Joan Collins co-stars.I'll Take Sweden (3 stars)Hope is a father worried that his daughter (Tuesday Weld) may marry the wrong guy.  He takes her to Sweden to derail her wedding plans, but once there, both father and daughter find romance heating up.Boy, Did I Get A Wrong Number (1966) (3.5 stars)Elke Sommer plays a starlet looking to get away from it all, who gets a misrouted telephone call from a real estate salesman (Hope), which instigates a kooky escapade that threatens to break up two marriages.These seven films illustrate that while Bob Hope's unique comic style evolved through the years, in many respects, it remained essentially the same.  Ranging from Westerns, to swashbuckling tales, to wartime adventures, to the close of the Crosby era, to coming to terms with the beatnik generation, the affable guy with the quick wit, endless quips, and ski slope nose was there to entertain.  As this set has apparently gone out of production, getting a copy may unfortunately be a difficult and expensive proposition.Due to a glitch at Amazon, this set and the film Boy, Did I Get A Wrong Number are linked as being the same product, so this review is listed for both products.
The acting was great but the movie felt like it was dragging on.  The drug use took away from character development and the plot was lacking.  With such a great cast, I was expecting something better.The sound track was good though.
Seriously? Isn't one show about stupid, spoiled, rich women enough? We have to keep spinning this off in different cities, and for multiple seasons? I tried watching 5 minutes of this dreck and have come to the conclusion that I hate Teresa Giudice with a passion (even more so than I hate all the other women on all the shows) Why do these shows keep getting multiplied and renewed? Isn't ONE group of spoiled, stupid housewives enough?
I  rated it  one star  only because the  review  requested  it. It started  with  great  promise  but  the  ending  stank.
The low budget horror indie "Almost Human" is not a movie that should be oversold.  When I picked up the Blu-ray with the requisite rave reviews (from Bloody Disgusting and Shock Til You Drop), I thought I might have found a small gem.  Truthfully, though, I think I would have enjoyed the movie a bit more discovering it on my own without preconceived notions.  This little movie borrows elements from a seventies slasher film and combines them with an alien abduction theme and throws in some classic Body Snatcher moments for good effect.  The idea, itself, works terrifically well but I'm not sure the film was always as clever or as original as I might have hoped.  After an intriguing beginning, my interest in the movie really started to wane.  The body of the movie really lacks mystery or surprises, it's just a rampant killing spree (in which a larger dose of humor would have helped immeasurably).  It isn't until the final confrontations, though, that the movie truly came alive.  A couple of wacky moments (alien mating) really enliven matters and caused me to add an extra star to my rating.Slight Spoilers (but nothing that would surprise you if you read the Blu-ray/DVD cover):As I said, I quite liked how "Almost Human" began right in the thick of the action.  We meet Seth Hampton (Graham Skipper) as he is driving as if the devil himself is chasing him.  When he arrives at the home of his good friend Mark (Josh Ethier), he spins a harrowing tale of abduction and pursuit.  Before Mark can truly comprehend what's happening, electrical disturbances and a mysterious blue light come to visit.  And before you can say boo, Mark becomes one of the missing.  What happened?  If you expect a mystery to unfold, the screenplay takes us in an alternate direction.  Years fast forward, and Seth is haunted by what happened.  He starts to have strange premonitions about Mark and he tracks down Mark's old girlfriend (Venessa Leigh) to share his concerns.  Mark, meanwhile, has returned (in some form or another) and is making his way back home leaving an escalating body count in his wake.  All of this is so matter-of-fact.  The murders aren't a mystery, what happened to Mark is not really important, and the killing sequences lack imagination.End Slight Spoilers.I will say this, however, writer/director Joe Begos clearly loves this genre of filmmaking.  You could sense his enthusiasm for the subject and how much respect he wanted to show it.  Therefore, when the final act rolls around, I'm pleased to say that the fun quotient goes up quite a bit.  When the three central characters square off, a number of moments made me laugh out loud.  It's fast paced and amusing, I just wish the rest of the movie had been so energetic.  This being a low budget endeavor, the effects aren't elaborate but they are effective enough.  And although none of the actors will win any awards (except maybe a diner waitress who is truly awful in her one line), they handle the action moments well.  I especially liked Skipper.  In the end, "Almost Human" is a pleasant enough experience with modest expectations.  It's not a new horror classic, but it has a nice payoff in its ending.  KGHarris, 6/14.
Not one of their best seasons, it's alright but other seasons are better.  Watch another season first before you waste your time on this one.
It's basically a slightly less intelligent version of &#34;Seinfeld.&#34; If I had to define it I'd say it's sophomoric humor which contains lots and lots of yelling amongst the main characters. For lovers of low brow comedy, this will be among your favorites. I haven't seen all of the episodes yet, but so far it appears that no topic is taboo.
This just appeared in my video library. I believe I was charged like $1.99 for this but have no idea how this purchased! There is not even a kid in the house who might have ordered this
The actors do a good job, the story is relevant and interesting. However, the rhythm seems off. Also, there are major inaccuracies with the immigration system/rules in addition to numerous inaccuracies with other details, and that probably turned me off.
I'm going to be cautious in my rating for IFC's "Portlandia" due to the divisive nature of the show's reception. I know a lot of people who sampled the show during its six episode Season One run, and the consensus seemed to be split right down the middle. Some called the show hilarious, while some found it a belabored missed opportunity. Almost nobody was left standing in the middle. Obviously, if you already love or hate the show, nothing in any review is going to change your mind. My commentary is mainly focused on new viewers who might be thinking about trying the program out. I might suggest you try to catch an episode on IFC (they rerun frequently) for free, but also on Amazon Instant Video if you don't have that network on your cable provider. I can understand why some would really connect with the show's ideology but I can also see why some would be less enthused by its meandering presentation. For myself, I did love the premise of the show but oftentimes thought sketches needed to be tightened up.The Good: "Portlandia," first and foremost, starts with a fantastic idea. Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein have created a comedy that speaks to a very specific portion of the population. In a perfect recreation of indie hipster angst, the show skewers a world in which people are consumed by political correctness. The beauty of "Portlandia" is that it both embraces the self-importance, superiority, and silliness of this extreme sect while poking gentle fun with it. It really is spot-on in showcasing this dichotomy and Portland stands as an ideal muse for illustrating this too cool for school mentality. The self-aware characters (Armisen and Browstein play a stable of recurring bits) are so proper, in fact, they are often undone by trying to be idealized models of this elevated consciousness. It's an inspired idea, and when it works--it hits very real highs. People relate to the show because they are or know people exactly like the ones represented.The Not-So-Good: Maybe the people that don't connect as much are lacking the relationships necessary to put the show's environment in context. If, for example, you live in Portland or a place like it--it would be hard not to be amused by the premise of the show. However, premise aside, the show sometimes lacks a comedic timing to make even its funniest bits work to perfection. Skits tend to meander a bit, sometimes with a seeming lack of focus. I realize that this is also kind of the point of the premise, but I felt so many sequences went on just a beat too long. If you're looking for big joke based laughs, this is more character driven or situational comedy. Very few moments end in big punchlines. The big laughs, in fact, are infrequent--most of the time, I was gently amused.Armisen and Browstein create some colorful characters (some more successful than others), but the absolute highlight of the season is to catch the unexpected guest stars. Kyle MacLachlin is fantastic as the mayor, Aimee Mann playing herself as a maid is a hoot. Likable Aubrey Plaza (Parks and Recreation) pops up, but is underutilized. Steve Buscemi has perhaps the season's most mystifying cameo. And there are a few more surprises, and it's fun to see how many people were willing to drop by for a scene or two. Overall, "Portlandia" is a definite (but cautious) recommendation for the right audience. Again, I think its ability to both embrace and satirize the ridiculous is its strongest asset. Season One is six episodes running shy of thirty minutes each. Catch up now, as Season Two starts on IFC in January 2012. KGHarris, 10/11.
This is a smart show with well written characters.  I imagine we will see many more concept shows advertised as being ripped from history which should appeal to a broad audience.  My one complaint is that we don't spend enough time away from the main character to gain empathy for anyone else.  It's a fascinating look at a strange and exciting marauding culture.
Its a glossy movie...missing a few budget bucks but the effects and everthingelse is pretty good.  The only problem is that is almost going the same lineas the SUPERNATURAL series, which are extremely well made and have lots ofmonsters,demons and everthing else and we have 7 seasons of entertainment.Then this movie comes along limping with a mere 90 or more minutes ofentertainment.....just too short.....Now if this was a 2.5 hour movie......it would get a better score.So yes its good......but easily forgettable due to its shortness.
The balls on the creators of this show are as big as I've seen since... I dunno, Viva Laughlin, or Glee maybe. When I say this show is a musical, though, I don't mean like those two, where you have the characters singing whatever song from the last 40 years that works in this particular situation, but a wholly original creation (with all of the good and bad things that entails). You don't end up having stupid things like a character singing a slow, "moving" cover of Girls Just Want to Have Fun (ask the Glee fans about that), or... well anything that happened in Viva Laughlin, because the songs are written to what the characters are thinking, so you have the inner monologue moments that come with having a musical; the characters emotions truly come out in the songs. Needless to say, if you have a show that relies on newly written songs that much, it would help if they didn't suck, which is the unfortunate hole that Browsers has fallen into. Even Bebe Neuwerth, the original Morticia Addams on Broadway, among many others, couldn't save the song she was given, which gleefully finds a whole bunch of things to rhyme with *Word I Cannot Say in Amazon Reviews*, while failing on a level as a song, and really not doing a good job of telling us about the character. It's a shame she's not used more, as she's channeling Ariana Huffington by way of Portia DeRossi's character in Better Off Ted (look at that costume), but leaning in to neither of them. The other four leads are some variation on a stock comic character, the Rachel Berry, the Stoned, Weird, Net-Friendly Asian, The Awkward Dork, and The Organized, Righteous Black Man. They each get a song (save the latter), each song is uniquely bad in it's own way. Mercifully, they're all much shorter.The plot points are all very familiar, the characters are all very familiar, and the show does nothing with them because it takes time to tell in a few minutes what it could tell in 30 seconds, and the normal saving grace of the musical, catchy, emotion-rending songs, are not there. It's a fascinating failure, and it's definitely Amazon swinging for the fences, but it's a pretty spectacular whiff.
This show is interesting enough, but a bit amiss in that none of the characters press for an explanation of why none of the 63 have aged, nor what really happened to them in the interim.  That aside the show was fun to watch, and the acting and back stories worked well, keeping it intriguing.  Too bad the show got canceled before it got a chance to pick up the pace and spread its wings story wise.
OK series. Love Cieran Hinds though. He's excellent as usual. Maybe I was just in a strange mood when I watched this.
Very disappointed wouldn't recommend it at all! It downloaded good but other than that it isn't worth any ones time!
This film does have that entertainment value and it had me beating my brain trying to figure out who the bad guys were.The ending broke my heart a bit but overall, you'll be entertained.
It had that &#34;Made in Mexico&#34; TV soap opera quality that their film industry is noted for. Son and daughter while on camping trip with parents go for short jaunt from the campsite into the nearby hills, find a small cave and come out possessed. I guess Satan can't afford better digs! Cheap filming, robotic acting and an improbable storyline led to a lot of ff to avoid boredom. Nothing really happens the whole movie - no budget for even cheap props.
This show was not believable from the very start.  The whole garage was full of cars, with lots of jacks to lift the gate. And why did they have to make the French girl so impractical, she didn't even have the sense to put on sensible shoes and save her phone battery. I don't like it when writers try to make women characters so stupid. I know they all do it, but PLEASE!  Seems to be made for a very immature audience.  I would hope that adults would be able to put their heads together if it were a life or death situation and reality, as they knew it, was falling apart.
It's an okay show. Acting is about par with being a CBS drama. Story line is great but the story has more potential than the show delivers.
I honestly feel asleep watching it, pity too, I am sure it had some redeemable qualities therefore my review is incomplete and it would be unfair to evaluate it as anything but neutral.
I read the book and hope it follows that story line but I am tire of the burnt out detective who drinks and smokes but I think it might be good and  would watch again
I was trying to figure out why I don't engage with this show - I enjoyed (some of) Tim Cring's Heroes series and Touch follows a similar theme of extraordinary results from an everyday hero. I also liked the pilot but by the fourth episode had completely lost interest. I'll also confess that I'm not a fan of the 'network narrative' genre where Hollywood can manufacture a story line based upon on the coincidental eventual meeting point of a handful of strangers.I think there are a couple of problems. The first is the mathematical theme - it just doesn't make sense to extrapolate a Math 101 understanding of the Fibbonaci sequence and the Butterfly Effect to give a mute child near psychic powers to predict where the lives of a random bunch of strangers will meet. It comes across as really manipulative and far-fetched. The second is that Keifer has little to do other than act like Lassie's owner, trying to make sense of cryptic messages from a child that won't speak, while filling the dialog gap with cries of "Jake! Jake! Jake!" every other scene.So Touch is a sentimental show more along the lines of Highway to Heaven (whoa, dig out the history books) than anything particularly scientific as it pretends to be. And after four episodes the plot didn't move forward enough to really capture my attention.
Gareth Edwards wrote and directed this sci-fi movie about two people reluctantly traveling together through an alien-infested Mexican wilderness to reach the border of the U.S.Visually, this movie is great. The green Mexican jungles and gray skies and rivers create a brooding setting through which the two protagonists travel through. You never know when an alien beast will emerge from this almost-primordial landscape to attack the humans. If you just want to enjoy some cinematic eye candy, watch this movie solely for that purpose.If you're craving a satisfying story, then you'll be better served checking out some other gritty sci-fi feature. This movie has basic problems with its structure that will create more bafflement than wonder by the end. There are moments when the internal logic of the film that was setup in the first half is broken in the second. That's too bad. If the movie were better put together and had a sense of wonder, this could have been a gem.You see, it's a movie that wants really hard to be a deep character study about two young people dealing with fear and uncertainty about who they are and what they want to do with their lives. The aliens only highlight their sense of isolation from the world. And there are even some truly great scenes near the beginning that make us understand the inner turmoil they're facing. But the structure of the story prevents us from ever getting to the point where we go from being sorta interested in the characters to loving the characters.
I was unable to look mat it as it kept popping out.  It is not possible to rate this video.
This film showcases the Shumway brothers' talents rather well, despite the stilted acting and beyond cliche story.  With better writers and actors, these guys could make some wonderful stuff.
In spite of having David Tennant in the series, the acting is somewhat wooden. Characters seem bored. It's also a bit hard to follow the plot. I stopped seeing it midway through the series.
The Colony, season 1, is one of my favorite reality programs though I use that term very loosely. Season 2 attempts to mix things up by placing the participants in a different environment and having them face different situations but it fails somewhat in it's execution. The cast members are not as well rounded as the original cast and seem to have difficulty immersing themselves in the world that was created for them. If Bear Grylls were running this, very few of them would make it out alive.
I didn't find the story very interesting, and I didn't laugh a lot. A lot of it seemed too contrived to me.I mean if people like it, then sure move it forward, but if its between this and the others, I say this is the worst of the bunch. I couldn't even push myself to finish watching it.
I was pretty sure it was before I even started watching it. My daughter talked me into it so we watched it. I started reading a book about halfway through.
The show just isn't as good as it was. Now a rather weak story that seems to putter along to its drawn out conclusion. A bit like the Walking Dead (TV) in that very little seems to happen in an episode these days. And Mosby is SOOOO whiny. Such a kill joy. Don't know how he has ANY friends. Let alone finds someone who would want to marry that.
**1/2So what do we have here? Nothing but another unnecessary remake of an &#8216;80s film. This time it&#8217;s &#8220;About Last Night,&#8221; the romantic drama starring Demi Moore and Rob Lowe, which was itself based on the highly acclaimed play by David Mamet, provocatively entitled &#8220;Sexual Perversity in Chicago.&#8221; In this version, it&#8217;s Joy Brand and Michael Ealy who play the young urban couple who meet, fall in love, move in together, then begin to have doubts about the efficacy and durability of their relationship.Brand and Ealy are appealing and attractive performers, and both have done fine work on TV, Brand in &#8220;Parenthood&#8221; and Ealy in &#8220;Almost Human.&#8221; But here they have been let down by screenwriter Leslye Headland, who proves herself incapable of getting past all the timeworn tropes and cliches that have become so much a part of the romantic comedy genre. The movie becomes just another men-are-from-Mars/women-are-from-Venus-type scenario, filled with girl-talk and guy-talk and all the predictable sturm und drang soul-baring and commitment issues (mainly on the part of the man, of course) that such narratives are prone to. Too often the things pulling the couple apart feel scripted and manufactured rather than organic and real. Under the slick but lackluster direction of Steve Pink, everyone just seems to be going through the motions, without any real passion or conviction.The movie also comes replete with the requisite smart-aleck, comic-relief couple (well-played by Kevin Hart and Regina Hall) to serve as a foil for the one on center-stage. Yet, even the humor tends to aim low when it should be aiming high.I like the way the story hits the re-set button in the final scene, but by then it&#8217;s a case of too little too late and we&#8217;ve already moved onto the next movie.
I enjoyed the first season of Single-Handed. You never get enough understanding of the customs and mores (plus a lack of sub-titles)for the locals. You never find out about the lead characters problems where he served as a police officer before. You don't find out about it in the second year either unless I missed it. Well acted, well done really. Very enjoyable to watch.
If this show would stop interrupting itself with SCRIPTED NONSENSE, it would be nearly perfect for what it is.  Interesting transactions and conversations of historical relevance with customers and experts are the highlights of this show.  Here we have people who are genuinely interesting WITHOUT SCRIPTED SCENES, participating in fake pranks and telling poorly-timed jokes.  It just stinks of audience manipulation and poor writing.  Neither of which belong in a &#34;REALITY&#34; TV show.I blame the show runners.  They need to be fired.  Let's just follow the &#34;Pawn Stars&#34; on their terms and hear from them and let reality HAPPEN instead of manipulating it.  I think these guys are interesting people.  Let THEM run the show.  Let THEM decide how to film.If the fake crap does not stop, I am not going to view this anymore--and I suggest you avoid it too.  Why participate in time-wasting TV tactics?  I tune in to observe experts and pawn professionals do their thing.  This is not supposed to be the next &#34;Three's Company.&#34;Otherwise, the show is great because Chumlee, The Old Man, Rick, and Corey are good, unique, and often funny people.  When not scripted, of course.
Pan Am, the much buzzed about new ABC series, does not crash and burn in its pilot episode, but it does not quite take off either. It is difficult to shake the feeling that the show is a contrived network-TV copycat of Mad Men. Everything about the production is stellar; from costume design to art direction to cinematography, Pan Am has an immaculate veneer. It mimics Mad Men's sophisticated aesthetic quite nicely.One word sums up the show: atmosphere. The airy glamour of these period pieces makes for great spectacle, but the trend of romanticizing a simpler, sexist, and divided era our country has evolved beyond is troubling.  That said, ABC known for its brave strides forward in its representations of diversity, so here's hoping this new installment is no exception.Pan Am exhibits the procedural charm of Grey's Anatomy, and adds to it the high-budget appeal of Titanic. The score is epic, and the entire soundtrack is seductively nostalgic. Christina Ricci seems right at home in a 1960s bob; this may be the perfect platform for her to show a side we've never seen before. Pan Am attempts edginess with a yawn-inducing espionage plot, and it doesn't lack for sex appeal. Overall, though, this is one flight I'd prefer to put the eyeshades on, pop in the earbuds, and doze off until it lands.
I guess my previous review didn't pass muster.I like the premise of this show, but I'll say right here and now that the traditional concept sketches outshine the CGI renderings by a mile.  A lot gets lost in translation with CGI, and the gist of the original drawings is not conveyed.  True, we only see a snippet of the CGI that is to be, but there's more heart in the sketches, and they seem to fully realize both the emotions and world that the characters are inhabiting.The overall story was simple and warm, and the character development themes are well worth the effort for the production.  If I had any real gripes about this production, it's that the characters are almost too cute, and again it seems to be ostensibly aimed at females.  Dot making a present for her mother is great, but what about dad?  What about a possible brother?  What about the boy next door?In short; add males, lose the CGI, and you got yourself a winner.All the best.
Natalie Zea is much better than the rest of the show. Watching this afterTRANSPARENT: The Pilot [HD] I realized how well she would have fit in with that ensemble. It's not too late.This series can be saved, but it will take some serious work on episode 2 in rooting out the slapstick and inanity for me to want to watch one more time.
I am a fan of apocalypse shows, but outside of the ending scene, this wasn't gripping. Some of the characters were decent but relied more on their setup than what they actually were. If it gets picked up, I would watch a few more episodes to see if it went somewhere.
I didn't think the show was funny at all. I couldn't get into the plot of the show either there was nothing captivating or that peaked my interest at all. I like the fact that they were trying to bring transgender into the spotlight a bit more but the show seemed dull at best.
I loved the pilot, and I thought that I had found another Breaking Bad/Mad Men quality tv show. Great characters, plot, acting, etc. However, episode after episode after episode made me lose interest and my disgust for the characters increased. Now, I am about mid-season and I really don't want to watch anymore, but I still have a little bit of hope that it will get better. There are so many things wrong with this show.1. The Americans in the show are all completely and utterly stupid. I always suspected the FBI and CIA were not very good at dealing with people from other countries. It's our culture's lack of foreign language ability, arrogance, and ignorance of other cultures. But I just can't believe that everyone in the FBI is this stupid and incompetent and naive. It's really hard to watch stupidity.2. The Russians are all extremely intelligent. Their martial arts and fighting skills are above everyone's elses. They never make a mistake and they are always ahead of the game. It's frustrating to watch one side be so dominant (and it's the side I don't like) and the other side be so stupid. They win every fight they are in. They outsmart everyone around them. Blah. Boring.3. The story and the characters are implausible. I am a foreign language teacher, and no one can learn English that well after 12 years old, and I am pretty sure these Russians were not speaking English when they were in elementary school. The two main characters speak perfect accentless English like someone who was born in the US to two native born parents. Their actions and behaviors are 100% American. They don't even look slavic. It's just not realistic. They fit in too well. Also, don't their children wonder where their parents go at night??????I just can't recommend this show.
I'm really sorry to Danielle Harris, I love her but this movie is not that good.  In fact it's pretty dumb, had some okay scenes and a decent premiss but it just didn't deliver on the shocks.  It's just not really thrilling, kinda boring and only good for a one time watch, if that.  I can't recommend this.  The only reason I gave it three stars is because it had some good special effects for the torture scenes.
This show is very entertaining. HOWEVER, IF you like "historical" shows you will HATE this one because it goes so FAR OFF the mark of factual events of that time to such a point that its a laughable joke. First of all King Henry, didn't have a bastard and/or mistress who lived in the castle (which in that time would of never happen), and in REAL history: Mary married Francis once arrived in France; Francis did die around 5 years after their marriage and she remarried in Scotland to rule. She was executed years later by Queen Elizabeth for plotting her assignation. Queen Mary of Scots was NOT this sweet innocent girl they make her out to be in real life. This show goes against everything people of that era believed in. They put 21st century humans with 21st century liberal beliefs in this TV show. This show would of been better if they "made up fictional characters" (like in the Game of Thrones) and it would of been accepted and just as popular. I give it 2 stars because, even though I am "entertained" by it; I strongly dislike the writers/creators of this show who completely circumvent and PERVERT historical facts. Also, SOUNDTRACK ISSUES: the "teenage" pop music might be "ok" in selected scenes but it's overkill. In most cases, the soundtrack it doesn't fit. It's like listening to Brittany Spears in really violent horror show (ex. SAW 2, Hostel, etc). LOL! You'll get a good laugh!
I'm pretty open minded and I like the road less traveled.  Someone somewhere is very proud of this delusional achievement. Bloated, slow, boring and full of people I could not care less about.  Nothing about this show appealed to me on any level.  I felt like I was trapped in a room with the least talented person ever who was under the impression that they were a genius. I love Jeffrey Tambor but he needs to run from this crap fest ASAP.
I really liked the show all the way up until the last five minutes.  Not a fan of the random alien or whatever that was.  If that is the direction I am going to pass.  Had me into the show right up to that point, sorry.
"On this date at 2 pm eastern standard time August 5, 2040 I'd like to kiss you. Until then I'm married but after 35 years of being faithful to my husband I think I'll have earned one kiss from you." Margot (Williams) is happily married to Lou (Rogen). After meeting a man named Daniel on a trip she is surprised to learn how close he lives to her, and how quick she seemed to fall for him. She now has a choice to make, either stay in her happy marriage or take a leap and try the unknown. I have to start by saying that this is a very good but very depressing movie. Also even though Seth Rogen and Sarah Silverman are in this this is not a comedy. The movie will make you feel very different feelings from scene to scene (which is the mark of a good movie). I also have to say that 90% of movies like this are pretty formulaic but this is the exception and it actually makes you wonder what will happen the whole time and the ending I have to say is perfect. Michelle Williams is great in this and I would compare this to the movie "Blue Valentine" in pacing and feel so if you liked that movie then this will be right up your ally too. Overall, a very good but pretty depressing movie that is very much worth seeing. I give it a B.
For three seasons, "Fringe" was a sci-fi masterpiece worthy of any other other ever created in that genre.  Then, the network (in this case FOX) decided to cast it off to the "fringes" (pun intended) of their schedule, burying it on Friday nights and make the show creators sweat out renewal, severely affecting plot cohesiveness.  So, by the time this final truncated season got the O.K., it was clear that the show would never truly recapture the magic of earlier installments.  That being said, the show producers still managed to create a workable ending to such a high-concept show.  It just wasn't in the jaw-dropping format of the past.For a basic plot summary of the Fifth Season, this campaign sees the show shift into the future, where Peter (Joshua Jackson), Olivia (Anna Torv), and Walter (John Noble) are pulled out of yellow amber by none other than Peter & Olivia's daughter, Etta (Georgina Haig).  They discover a world in havoc and terror, caused by an Observer takeover.  However, Walter has a plan to set things right, requiring a number of different "ingredients" (compromising the bulk of the season's episodes) and help from old friends Astrid (Jasika Nicole), Nina Sharp (Blair Brown), and Agent Broyles (Lance Reddick).The obvious problem with this season is that because of FOX's tampering, the show oozed away all its most creative juices in a rollercoaster season four.  Without knowing whether or not a final renewal was imminent, the writers were practically held hostage, story-arc wise.  So, by the time word finally came down that a 13-episode send-off was a go, things had to be severely simplified.  Thus, a show that once dealt with some hefty, mind-bending topics was reduced to "rebels vs Observers" in terms of the main plotline.  In essence, it failed to distinguish itself from other general sci-fi fare currently on the airwaves.Yet, despite that glaring weakness, the Fifth Season still holds some meaning in the Fringe cannon for one main reason: the characters.  When all the lofty storytelling and mind-bending plots fall away, the strong characters that comprise this show still stand strong.  You'll keep watching because you want to see how they all end up.Simply put, the Fifth Season of "Fringe" is clearly in a different class (unfortunately a lower class) than the first three or maybe even four seasons of the show.  It is still interesting to watch because, at least for sci-fi "big idea" show fans right now, the pickings are extremely slim.  It just isn't the "glory days" of old.
Many of the actors gave great performances and the premise was quite exciting. But the writing...do we really believe what some of the parents would agree to do? It was not believable that a Chinese woman, one cog in a wheel, would be able to press a button on a laptop and take out the electrical grid. Ruined the whole series with plots that defied belief. We watched Season 1 in its entirety because we had paid for it. But we will not watch Season 2.
I hate writing bad reviews, but honestly I couldn't get past the first episode.  If you're a teen/pre-teen I guess it might be fun.  I thought the premise was great but watching the production/acting and shallow characters turned me off immediately.  I hope to god sci-fi (which is already difficult to pull off) doesn't go further down this road.
How sad. They turned Fringe into a dull invader story. Gone are the fantastic events that required the quirky team of Olivia, Walter, and Peter to make some incredible discovery. Walter is no longer the lovable damaged person he was, and that was 80% of the draw of the series. I had pre-purchased a season pass but I am now canceling it. For me the series is already over.
The show struggles to bring &#34;drama&#34; and picks a few random truckers to do this with.  It's apparent why the show is not doing well and while is very informative, a lot of the survival and advice for the truckers is valuable but mainly common sense.  It leaves the show with a relatively irritating feeling after having watched it.  If you want &#34;excitement&#34; with the right amount of &#34;male&#34; drama...check out Gold Rush, Seasons 1, 2, & 3.
I give this 3 stars, as I like Jeff and his puppets, but his show could be better. its a little dull.
boring.  I didn't even watch the whole set.  I relisted it, immediately. could not get into. the movie was so funny, not the tv show.
So Resurrection had a predictably strong opening on network TV and why wouldn't it? Set upon the immediately gripping concept of loved ones returning from the dead, the promise of the premise is strong, surely guaranteeing to hit the sweet spot in the Venn diagram of mystery, fantasy and horror. Yet week after week, ABC misses the mark on the show failing to fire on any of the dramatic cylinders that are clearly primed to compete with the ratings juggernaut of the Walking Dead. How could they have messed this up?As once-dead residents of the IQ-challenged town of Arcadia start to reappear, it's extraordinary that the least realistic aspect of the show is not the resurrection itself but the staggeringly dumb reaction of any of the characters. Any normal human would ask thousands of questions, wonder if they're zombies, call the Feds, get extensive medical tests, check the coffins for the bodies, go to pray, start a conspiracy theory website, leave the town - anything, literally anything along these lines that the show refuses to do.Ignoring the vastly obvious pit of story opportunities, the writers are hell-bent on forcing the story logic into a police procedural yet even the cops and thinly-painted medical characters act like they were trained at the same police academy as the FBI from The Following. Instead of taking action on singly the biggest event in recorded history, they do literally nothing and each week the story inches along at glacial speed to the point where I wonder if they remember that these people were dead. It's almost as if the writers are scared of the plot and have just set up a bunch of generic drama moments hoping for something interesting to happen.In my weekly frustration with this show, I finally decided to check out Les Revenants (The Returned) which was a French spin on the idea made a couple of years ago. Cliched as it may sound, this is unfortunately one of those cases where the French original series is so much better that you wonder how the US remake could be so bad. Les Revenants sets up a spooky mystery with a well-selected range of engaging characters, approaching the question of whether the Returned are good or malevolent out to destroy the living without ever becoming ridiculous, giving us some first class acting, dialog and subtle plotting along the way.Resurrection meanwhile is doing none of this and by episode 5 is seriously threatening to jump the shark. Suffering from some of the most unimaginative writing in television today and maybe a network that doesn't know which theme and story threads to follow, it's wasting one of the best story concepts in a long time. Rather than spending countless hours for ABC to find the plot, you can just cue up Netflix and enjoy something vastly superior in The Returned - while you have to wade through English subtitles, it's better than waiting for anything to happen in this really bland execution of a great concept.
I've seen that a lot of this, this year, shows just seem to be phoning in their episodes... or, it's like a group of people sat down in a room and came up with some pretty decent &#34;situations&#34;, then stacked and glued them together to try and make a coherent script out of it all.Suits, when it first came out, season 1, I gave it 5 Stars.  It was extremely well done, and well acted.  Can't really remember how many times I sat and rewatched the episodes.Season 2, starting failing a bit, plot wandered, actors did things that didn't seem to fit the virtual simulations of them that I kept in my head (yeah, I know, I'm weird that way).  I rewatched some episodes, but the conflict between the main characters weren't what I was &#34;buying&#34; into.Season 3, even more so.  Some good scenes, but sharks are jumped all over the place to get to them.  The team member conflict is under control, but some of the logic behind what they do, how they do it, and some of the limitations posed on them by the world they live in (can't get a delay in a court case to show up a few days later?  I mean there's real world stuff out here, where the people involved have delayed things for over a year?).  Still I don't regret watching the season, acting (though implausible at points) is still good, characters are for the most part likeable.  Do I watch them more than once?  Not really.  Do I anticipate the next episode?  Not so much.Can't really comment directly on a lot of the goings on, without ruining what is still a quite watchable experience.Compared to some of the other stuff out there, this is still great, compared to what it used to be... I'll stick with the ride, but it's coasting at the moment.
Frankly, I got bored. It went on far too long and I just lost interest. I didn't much care if they found him or not!
My favorite line in this whole opening episode was &#34;I'm thinking about it right now.&#34;--when they're all in the kitchen--made me guffaw!  Cheesy parts: practicing lines far too long in the mirror, elevator scene in fast panic mode, confusing street crowd, swim scene,  running around in the woods scene. But overall, I like something different--rather seemed like a mix of The Stand/Walking Dead/Falling Skies rolled into one.
I did not watch much of this as i felt it was not worth my time. Not a good choice.
they jumped the story to far from reality eliminate the things that made Bionics and reinvented it as something else and added bizzare plot twist that didn't really make sense.  If you were a big fan of the original this one may disappoint; still special effects are of course better as tech has improved but that's about it.
I didn't laugh once through the entire episode. I think I smiled a couple of times but that was a bout it.  Not a bad concept, although not all that original, but not well executed. Just not funny.
Not much at least, but I didn't get interested in finish it so I guess that says a lot about the movie. The characters didn't make it for me, kind of boring.
This show is pretty entertaining.  I love John Goodman and wondered what he has been up to.  I don't know if I'll watch the entire series but I like the idea of prime video series from Amazon.
These are worst bunch of goobers on TV. Brad stays home and proves Mount Rushmore is a racist plot and Lincoln was gay. The minions stumble around the country to try to prove his inane theories.
Maybe after the animation is finished the idea will shine thru, but it didnt catch the attenition of my2 or 4 year old and was really hoping it would. will give it another chance if they show the complete product
13 Episodes on 2 Blu-ray Discs"Futurama" just doesn't appeal to me very much. I guess I just prefer "The Simpsons", "Family Guy", and "South Park" by comparison. I just can't seem to care about these characters very much. It's about a group of people in the future making jokes and references about things in our present. There's a robot, a scientist, a hot chick, a one-eyed hot chick, and a few regular people. It's ok and gets off a few good jokes, but I don't know that you necessarily need to buy it on Blu-ray.Conflict examples involve things that would potentially destroy the planet, space cats taking over, time machines, switching bodies, the midlife crisis of an alien, an underground mutant rebellion, etc. In the holiday special, the gang learns the true meaning of Christmas, Robanukah, and Kwanzaa in the most painful way possible. Cats taking over the world was easily the best episode because they used mind control and individual characters didn't matter as much.Bonus Features:There are commentaries on all episodes by creators of the show, writers, and occasionally actors too. The Adventures of Delivery-Boy Man are a motion comic that is "drawn by" Fry and all the characters are voiced by his character as well. There is a short "Bend It Like Bender" music video where everyone dances by bending. "The Prisoner of Benda" Live Table Read is done to storyboards so you don't see the actual actors doing the voices but you get to hear a lot of laughing and reacting. You can also watch "Behind the Fungus: Makin' a Hit Song", a whole catch-up section of "Previously on Futurama", and several Deleted Scenes that didn't make the cut.
Meghan (Elizabeth Banks) is our Jenny McCarthy Barbie doll who reads the news. She is down on her luck, so her girlfriends dress her up and take her out for a good time. Through a series of circumstances, Meaghan, finds herself in LA in the wrong part of town. Her asking for help is seen as solicitation for prostitution as she constantly ends up at the wrong place at the wrong time.The film had some light moments, but as a comedy it falls flat. There is a lack of originality and delivery. Elizabeth Banks is easy on the eye, but comedy is not her strong suit. The groans far outweigh the laughs. The humor maturity level is aimed at a PG-13 audience, but too many f-bombs make it an &#34;R.&#34; I think most of us could have composed a funnier &#34;Walk of Shame.&#34;
If you're wondering what the hell my review has to with polar bears, you're either a Kevin Smith fan and immediately get it, or you're scratching your head wondering how that makes any sense.  Que up this show, and you wind up feeling exactly the same way, Denise Patterson's review summed up everything that I would've stated myself as to why this show was concocted by a bunch of nitwits.  Characters  you absolutely hope will die asap because that alone will increase the global IQ rating (except for Dee, the streetsmart black ex-con).  People rushing around aimlessly and having less than zero common sense, and the list of insulting (of the viewer's intelligence) goes on for a very long time.The ending features a undefined and unusual creature, perhaps a demon that's supposed to hook everyone, but sadly everything that led up to that point was so poorly assembled that one has no reason to waste another hour of one's life watching more of the same.  High school student plays are put together better, seriously this is just flat out awful.  My only sympathy goes to the actors and staff employed by this title, sorry to say but your agents should get fired for putting you into such a travesty of a show.
apparently I'm going to be harassed until I leave a review of something. I clicked on it for one instant on my smart tv, read the blurb, looked at it for a minute and then removed it. Amazon has gone too far with 'capturing' customers with these tactics.  It follows you all over the net, items remain in meaningless lists related to your account, and you are plagued by related emails that have no meaning whatsoever. I'm so sorry to see Amazon take this tack. They are beginning to feel like predators rather than the rock solid online seller they used to be. :( I hope they will stop harassing me with emails now that I've left this utterly meaningless 'review'.
I only watched the first 30 minutes or so. It just couldn't hold my attention. The acting was so-so, and personally, Anna didn't appear near as beautiful as described in the books. This one cannot top the version with Vivian Leigh in any way.I was glad that the actors did not try to imitate the Russian accents. It would have made the story even harder to stick with.Sorry, just not my cup of vodka.
was not impressed by the pilot and will not be ordering any more episodes.  no new twists very ho hum.
I thought this pilot was awful.  I would never watch this series.  Only writers who lack imagination have to resort to such raunch.  Come on Amazon, let's see some substance.  Very disappointed.
Much of this show is out right child abuse as these blood sucking, low life adults "use" their children to get fame or money, even if in the process they must be the worst examples of parenthood to those beautiful wonderful kids the have.Years from now you'll see these sweet children with a myriad of issues, trying to figure out what happened to themselves on a show where "NO" love or forgiveness or any positive support is given at all.Just taking a child in your arms, even if they foul something up badly, and praising their effort never happens here, and NEVER, EVER happens from that lazy tub of lard Abby, unless it somehow makes "HER" look good. The child is all but forgotten amidst all the desperate problems of the parents. I can't come close to watching this horrid psycho drama of tearing down our best gifts in the world until their just like the selfish parents that gave them birth....a total mess.Yeah, that's what kids need at that age is more pressure and more competition to see who's "worthwhile" in life. Who's top dog or top top of my "whittle pyramid." Makes me sick to my stomach to see how they treat these fantastically talented young girls.NOT ONE parent would put up with a boss like Abby, for two minutes in real life, until charges would be filed, but these moms are ADDICTED to abuse, and all hang on to each other for the ride.Disgusting and un-watachable.
"2 Days in New York," a nominal sequel to "2 Days in Paris," stars Julie Delpy (who also directs and co-writes) as Marion, an artists and mother of one child now living in a Manhattan apartment with a talk-radio host Mingus (Chris Rock). One day Marion's family members, her father Jeannot (Julie Delpy's real-life father Albert Delpy) and sister Rose (Alexia Landeau) with her sister's boyfriend Manu (Alexandre Nahon) travel from France and stay with them for two-day vacation, disrupting their hitherto happy home.Chris Rock is surprisingly good as a "comic foil," a (comparatively) level-headed person providing opportunities for other characters to be funny, but, let's face it, Delpy as director or actress is not skilled enough to turn the annoying and embarrassing traits of the visitors and the subsequent situations into a comedy.Marion's father is just annoying. Her sister is embarrassing. Her boyfriend is just silly. Don't get me wrong. I know characters can be annoying, embarrassing, silly and very funny, like Diane Keaton in "Manhattan Murder Mystery." But Julie Delpy is no Woody Allen, and Diane Keaton is fun to watch because after all she (and Allen as director) knows what she is doing.So what does Marion want to do? Or Mingus for that matter? With repetitious jokes and so many subplots that go nowhere - with cameos from Dylan Baker, Daniel Br&uuml;hl and Vincent Gallo - "2 Days in New York" is a sporadically funny romantic comedy that does not have much of a story to tell, with characters that we really don't care.
The acting is really good, but the plot is a bit dull and depressing. I won't be watching the next episode.
For anyone as tired, tired, sick and tired, tired and sick of cop shows and reality shows, there was no better palate cleanser than Reno 911 - which reveled in being politically incorrect in every way that it is possible to be politically incorrect. I actually suspect the creators sent out exploratory expeditions to other galaxies and dimensions in order to discover hitherto unknown means of offending on every level. Reno 911 brought improvisation to such anarchic and manic levels so as to bring back fond memories of parodies like "Top Secret!" and "Police Squad!" If a gag fell flat, not to worry, there were about six or seven more coming along right on top of it, at least half of them guaranteed to smack the funny-bone dead center. Like "Top Secret!" and "Police Squad" the humor was character-based: unlike those examples, Reno 911 boasted a generous assortment of regulars and reoccurring characters. Alas, three deputies were dispatched in a massive explosion which ended season 5, and season 6 fell a bit flat in comparison to what went before, but there are moments, such as the firing of an antique cannon at a memorial service, which winds up demolishing a squad car in a somewhat unexpected fashion. Another highlight is the discovery of ancient tapes of the deputies - affording a look at the characters some twenty years previously, including Lt. Dangle actually wearing long pants, and Deputy Wiegal with long hair. It also emerges that Wiegal is brain-damaged (from an explosion in an apparent crack house), which explained a lot about her character. And Terry the roller-skating prostitute tries to run for political office ... mmm - comments on that topic would practically write themselves.Extras include some outtakes, which would hardly be missed, and a pair of character sketches on the two new regulars. And I would seriously like to know how this show actually goes down among the sheriff's departments in Reno and Sparks, Nevada; one hopes they can bring themselves to be good sports about it.
Four--or is it five?--young libido cases who enjoy filming themselves committing various criminal acts are hired to break into a house where they discover an apparently dead body and a slew of old VHS tapes, each of which portrays acts that beat them at their own game. The important thing to remember is that each of the apparently unrelated, gory, disturbing, and largely supernatural episodes in the middle portions of "V/H/S" represents a separate VHS discovered by the characters at the beginning; i.e., this film utilizes the same "frame-story" (little stories within a larger story) technique that was first used by Boccaccio and Chaucer and that has been used in a host of works ever since.The sad thing is, the premise for "V/H/S" has real potential; unfortunately, it's largely ruined by the standard "found footage" cinematography. While I understand that the purpose of this is to add realism, "V/H/S" would be a much easier, less confusing view without the shaky camcorder that keeps zooming in on the floor or some drunken person's face. Another frustrating point is that the main "envelope" story is maddeningly incomplete. This film is honestly fascinating in places, but it requires a LOT of patience.Other Considerations:--Good dialogue, even though much of it's from characters who can't complete a sentence without at least one f-bomb and one "dude!"--The various "Special Features" are worth a look. The commentaries reveal a great deal about what the creators were trying to do here.--You've probably guessed as much, but lots and lots of blatant gore and nudity, even more than in other "found footage" flicks.
Although the premise of this movie was somewhat intriguing, the characters, editing, pacing, and acting were not.  I've heard of slow, but THIS was slower than a 3-legged turtle.  It seems that aliens have landed and occupied earth six years ago, there is now an "infected" zone where you cannot leave, and a wall has been constructed in keep people in/out.  Yeah, I get the symbolism there, but this movie becomes an exercise in a very lame excuse to tell a love story.  I didn't care for either character, the monsters look like floating octopi, and I never felt the characters were in peril of anything--except their own insipidness (if that's even a word).  So go ahead and watch...BORE yourself to death...
Well, that was twenty minutes of my life I'll never get back. I do thank the other reviewers that watched to the end. You gave me enough information that I KNEW I could dump out at twenty minutes and not feel bad. That was terrible and this was free for Amazon Prime customers.The acting is awful. The script? Terrible.  There are no scares here. There is no story and there is nothing to keep you interested.  Read the long reviews and believe.  This is terrible.  Heck, it's not even worth watching for FREE.
I tried to get through this multiple times but just can not. As far as I can tell, no plot, just jumps right into tight, dimly light, tunnels, spaces and "a monster". Sorry but this is just not enough to keep me interested. Too many other movies that use dark spaces and monster and at least a little plot or characters I can care about.  Perhaps there is a plot that I just have not gotten to yet but how long should one wait until something is explained?? Update 15 Jan 2013: well, watched it all and still not worth a look. "Plot" if you call it that came way late and still not worth the time watching. Hope this movie cost like $1000 to make and not more.
This is part of a series that would be so much better if they didn't create narration and characters &#34;for dramatic purposes&#34;...Isn't murder and the case surrounding it dramatic enough without making up stuff? Production quality is good and this case (and others in the series) are interesting, but the fictionalized sections take away rather than add to the video.
This was an interesting show.  A man finds himself in a position he does not want.  I set it on my DVR and am interested to see what happens next.The only problem I see is that fact that this episode has SO many things going on.  I mean, wow, it was hard to keep up with it all.  Not just big things, but little things that you really had to pay attention to.  I felt like I walked into a two and a half hour movie that had already been on for an hour.  But, I will watch it to see if it is worth sticking with.Update:After watching the episode I had recorded last night, I have to change my review from three stars to two stars.  So, three kids were killed.  I have had a feeling for a bit about this show.  I see on the news today that something like this actually just happened.  I just get the feeling that I am watching a show about a family or terrorists.  Maybe it would be interesting, but I just do not think I can really get into it.  Why, would I care anything about these people?  I feel nothing for them.  They are a group of killers and extremists.  Perhaps that is the meaning of the show.  It was created to show you the life of a member of said family, who is not like them.  But, I just can't see myself every really being able to get into the show.  I shall try one more episode though.
Contrived chemistryContained cinematographyConcealed ActingWhere's the Epic?A waste of time ... why are there so many versions of this classic - no one gets it right?
Whatever this lame flick is it's not a horror film.  It looks like a classic bait and switch game to get you to see the documentary that is this film.  I guess some directors  will do anything to get you to view their C Movie.  Not I.
It wasn't bad, but it didn't live up to its hype. It really could have been done better in my opinion.
Okay, I thought I would give this pilot a try because I was intrigued by the Amazon Originals concept of viewer input deciding the future of the show. I really wanted to like this, but think I would vote NO on this one...it looks good, maybe suprising and interesting...but just because a creepy thing shows up in the final 20 seconds does not sell me. This plot formula reminds me too much of similar shows (Under the Dome, Persons Unknown, The Event) where you get hooked with the first season and there's no follow up or ending. Don't want to fall for that again. There's a group of strangers mysteriously brought together and it turns out -- surprise -- they all share something in common, except for the one  drunk, hateful guy in the group who conveniently won't disclose whether or not he has the same thing in common. I'd say this has potential, and I'm slightly curious where it might go. I'd probably need another couple of episodes to decide for sure if I'd keep watching. I suspect it's another one of those that will leave viewers hanging when the  producers decide it's not worth a second season. Maybe would make a better 2 hour movie than a series.
The movie was ok with some intrigue but seemed to lose direction part way through.  Some of the secondary storylines could have been better developed.  Overall, it was evident why it was available to rent before it left the theaters.
For longtime fans of American Pickers, this season was a real let-down: ridiculously short, boring, uninspired. As the song said, is this all there is?
Like the show but the plot appears to repeat itself at times. Beginning to become evident and not surprising which is sad.
A very interesting mix of genres that culminates in a climax that I'm still scratching my head over. Think hitmen, a decent into darkness, and the wicker man (the good one, not the Nic Cage movie). Give it a watch. The brit accents can be a little thick at times and I wish there was a subtitle option, but most people will be able to weather through it and gradually get the cadence. I liked it, but I was left with many many questions.
I found the series entertaining and I've love to know what happens next if there is a follow-up season. But I don't know if the main characters grew on me. In fact, I felt like I connected more with the supporting characters than the main characters. Laura Vandervoort does a find job carrying the series but her character is a little too mysterious.
This pilot starts out pretty good, but soon the language gets so bad it ruins the whole episode. I won't give it the ending, but I'm really not into that stuff. I won't be watching any additional episodes.
I have always enjoyed Hallmark specials with authentic story lines, in-depth and subtle acting, beautiful cinematography, some story arc with, like life, uncertain conclusions (Think "Sarah, Plain and Tall.")  This story, however, was predetermined with the first glance at Andie MacDowell.  The quirks of Cedar Grove and the people who live there are highly unbelievable with "conflicts" that sort themselves out far too perfectly.  This is a saccharin, no investment from the viewer pilot, a feel good wisp that is so light it's like eating whipped cream with too much air, too much sweet and not enough flavor.  A spoiled tradition from Hallmark.
I love sci fi/horror and was excited to see Sleepy Hollow become a television series.  I liked the first few episodes but lost interest after watching halfway through the season.  Some of the writing is just a little cheesy, although I do like the two leads in the show.  Maybe someday I'll give it another shot.
OK, it started well, getting a little tired of all the bullying of Frank. They are spending too much time in the truck.
First-time director Tom Gormican, who also wrote this R-rated screenplay, gives us three buddies in the process of growing up (you are supposed to write what you know...smile...). They have a New York City pace to their repartee: very quick, acerbic and witty. The actors mastered the art of interrupting and talking over one another in a very natural way, while still managing to convey their dialogue. Not an easy task...We enjoy:* Zac Efron (&#34;The Lucky One&#34;) is Jason, one of our young men on the make, determined to stay single and &#34;live the life!&#34; He designs book covers.* Imogen Poots (&#34;A Late Quartet&#34;) plays Ellie, the gal he sees in a bar and diverts from a pickup artist so HE can pick her up. She conducts poetry seminars.* Miles Teller (&#34;The Spectacular Now&#34;) is Daniel, who works with Jason. He makes sure no one underestimates him; he has braggadocio down pat!* Mackenzie Davis (&#34;The F Word&#34;) Our tall, slender Chelsea, however, can see right through Daniel's smooth talk.* Michael B. Jordan (&#34;Fruitvale Station&#34;) plays Mikey, a young doctor who is in shock over his wife's infidelity.* Jessica Lucas (Lots of TV) is Vera, Mikey's estranged wife; she's just looking for more &#34;spontaneity.&#34; Who knew?Some things impressed us: all of our young adults have jobs; no one lives with his or her parents, although they all get along with them just fine; these are NOT stoners, not one hint of drugs is seen, and there are no pressing money problems. HOWEVER, the comedy is juvenile and raunchy, the language is profane, the behavior is VERY R-rated, and, I blush to admit, we laughed out loud regularly.No car chases, no guns, no blowie uppie stuff and the nudity is pretty much played for laughs. All in all, even though it was funny, it made me grateful that I do NOT have to go through these modern-day dating rituals. Yikes!
I found the constant profanity to be more than I wanted to listen too. I'm a fan of John Goodman, but the profanity was too much.
episodes are only $1 but its pretty slow kinda hard to watch...and for being only like 10mins it def is not worth it at all
There are still plenty of things to like in Season 2:  the return to TV of Kristen Bell, Star Trek alumni Nichelle Nichols and George Takei in guest roles, the adorable Micah, likeable Ando, and the relationship among Matt, Molly, and the Doc, as well as the Petrelli brothers and their conniving mother.The problems:  the storylines about the virus are a pale echo of the final season of the 4400; Hiro's trip to the past should not have been so dull; there's a lot of tragedy, violence, and angst without the humor and to joy to balance them out.  And what Hiro did to Adam Monroe is inexcusable.
First off, walking dead, breaking bad, spartacus are awesome 5 star shows. Then you have the b class and lower. This was enjoyable for me the first season, the 2nd especially the superhero girls etc just started getting tired and over the top. I lump this in with SleepyHollow, cant even make it through the first season even though I already paid for it. I will say I am still watching revolution though and it keeps my interest. I am done watching the arrow even though you can catch free episodes. This is just how it goes for most shows, only a few can be good or great
I started watching this with great expectations.  The writers have let me down.  The plot is utterly absurd.  The villain is implausible.  What kind of genius terrorizes and traumatizes children to get even with an evil former boss?  Simply stop those responsible - don't torture kids to torture the criminal's ego!!!  I have watched every episode, but I wasn't surprised to hear it will be canceled.  Mainly, I watched because Gillian Anderson is such a great actress and I enjoyed seeing her in this role, especially after the role she's played in Hannibal.  It's fantastic to see the X Files star spread her wings!
While I certainly wouldn't claim that the first season represented the pinnacle of acting and dialog, season 2 has somehow managed to find a way through the bottom of that barrel and plunged to new depths of poor production and ludicrous logic. It's probably no spoiler than season 1 ended with Barbie (yes, that's a guy's real name in this show) with a noose around his neck on the gallows - this is resolved in the first episode in the most uninspired, incredulous, eye-rolling and ultimately lame way in seconds before they drop him to certain death. And that's the best thing that happens.Who might be the screenwriter for this first episode? Was it a second-grader finishing a corrective English assignment or the overrated "master of horror" himself Stephen King? Seriously, I'm surprised he didn't introduce an author with writer's block as a lead character. This episode brings in all the worst and most repetitive tropes of King's recycled writing from the cringe-inducing dialog to total disregard for character, logic and story. It's like laziest episode of The Outer Limits had an affair with a canceled daytime soap opera. It's so bad as to be completely unwatchable.Though it limped through a first season as its own concept, this show has now officially become Lost. By which I mean the TV show, although it has actually become lost as well. Things that happen for no reason are blamed on the island, I mean dome, which exists purely to act as a sandbox around a bunch of overwrought D-list actors (if only I bottle up their energetic overacting and sell it). Plot-wise, they can throw anything into the mix from resurrection the dead (done that) to changing physics (done that, too) and getting all pseudo-intellectual (please don't do that). It's horrible. And to think Dean Norris was so good in Breaking Bad. So when's the next season of The Americans coming on?
This is actually a painful movie to watch and although the Richard character is truly disturbing ifnot despicable, the others are pretty well not worth watching at all.  There is so much drug and alcoholuse that the humanity is erased from the film.  Awful.  Do not bother unless you yourself are part ofthis drug culture that's being portrayed.
Love Kristen Bell...movie/plot is a little sophomoric.  Kristen is such a strong leading character, she needs to star in a movie that has more depth
There problem with this series is that there is really nothing new being presented, and part of what is can be well-disputed.  It's really kind of a waste of Freeman's talent.
CENTURION (2010, 97 minutes) is a fine endless battle-and-chase-and-battle-and-final-gigantic-showdown-battle Roman-era film. That is, if you like this sort of meaningless tripe action film. Set in 117 A.D., and as always centering on the mysteriously vanished 9th Legion, Michael Fassbender actually gives an unusually riveting performance as Centurion Quintus Dias. That's right, they gave him a Spanish name that probably wasn't even in existence yet, but Romans will be Romans in whatever century they occupy.Of course, as I translate the only-half-authentic Roman name, it is symbolic: I narrowed its translation to either a literal "Five Days" or the much more humorous, symbolic "Days [are] Numbered". An even funnier way to read it is "How Many Days" and I assume that should end with a question mark. Yep. "Quintus Dias" does it to me every time.Here, north of Hadrian's then-new wall, Dias and only a few others survive horrific, gore-laced battles with the Picts (who amazingly speak modern Irish Gaelic, right down to the Anglicized mispronunciations, instead of speaking Pictish, which language is a mystery to us anyway).I began laughing as they were haunted and hunted by a vicious, supernatural Pictish woman called Etaine (wrongly credited as "Etain", a Goth makeup nightmare by the name of Olga Kurylenko). Those ladies were tough fighters but they weren't like this. This lady mows down Romans as if they were Legos.There isn't much for me to add to this. There are just too many other films running along these lines, such as the equally ghastlyKing Arthur(2004, see my review),300(2006), the excellent family filmThe Last Legion(2007, see my review) and the equally excellent and underratedThe Eagle(2011, see my review). Of these, THE EAGLE and THE LAST LEGION are by far the finest.I was very impressed by the beautiful Imogen Poots who plays Arianne, the outcaste Pictish witch. Actually she is a healer who got the bad end of the stick - much like Dias will discover he's getting from the Empire after he gets back home. Though here agin a major stumble, since she is altogether far too reminiscent of Sam Neill inMerlin (Special Edition)(see my review).One thing I can say I am heartily sick of seeing is the set of common refrains running through these films (I back down from 300 because I have no time for a film like that): you can always count on stupid anachronisms galore, phony Celtic peoples ("Hey, why not make 'em all Irish?"), a Roman on a stupid quest, other colorful foreigners fighting with the Roman on his stupid quest, badly spoken Gaelic or Gobbledygook, Ice Age weather, very bad history overall, vast oceans of blood, violent battles that go on too long and finally, Romans deciding Britain is the pure land and defecting from the Empire.Oh, and let us not forget Hadrian's Wall, which is a bit like the obligatory pratfall in every comedy. It is poetic, a little bit of it is occasionally true - for the most part it is a repetitive bore to see that stuff repeated ad nauseam. Hey! Maybe they should have named Fassbender's Roman soldier Ad Nauseam. Better than Your Days Are Numbered.My recommendation is you watch the other films I mentioned before you see this one. You may find once you've seen a bit of it that you don't want to waste your time watching regurgitations. Then again, you just might develop a bit of a soft spot in your heart for this thing, as I did.It was the really good Roman-era Arthurian film (THE LAST LEGION) and the stunning quasi-gay-Roman-plus-Celt-love story (THE EAGLE) that created that soft spot. Only, I hope it doesn't turn out to be a softness in my head!
Feeling folksy?  If History's smash hit "Pawn Stars" is too urbane for you with its Las Vegas setting, you might want to try something with a little more twang.  "Cajun Pawn Stars" could be just that program, but I'm not sure if this version has quite the instant appeal.  I know there is a contingent of viewers who love this much more than the original, and I know there are vocal opponents who find this edition far less real and/or compelling.  For myself, I fall somewhere in between.  The show is caught between being a rip-off and a spin-off.  It wants to adhere so closely to the winning formula that defined "Pawn Stars" that, especially in early episodes, the drama can seem incredibly forced.  As the season progresses and you get to know the cast, the interactions start to feel more organic--but it's still a show that has yet to find its own voice and viewpoint.Set in Alexandria, Louisiana at the Silver Dollar Pawn and Jewelry Center, the colorful proprietor is Jimmie "Big Daddy" DeRamus.  His brother and his daughter are among the other regulars and the show hopes to capitalize on wacky family interactions.  As you might expect, there is much down home humor to be gleaned from Big Daddy, his family, his staff, and those that visit the shop.  Some works, some feels strained.  To me, the star of the show (at least initially) is the massive shop itself that seems to have every manner of merchandise crammed into its corners and crevices.  It would be a fascinating place to visit and poke through, that's for sure.Season One is comprised of 8 episodes on one disc for just shy of three hours worth of total programming.  There are no special features, but the disc offers Spanish and English subtitles.  Here are the included shows:(1) Donkeys and Dollars, (2) Sweet and Sour, (3) Shoeshine Mike, (4) Money Bzzzzness, (5) Joker's Big Score, (6) Trick or Trade, (7) Joker's Wild, and (8) Speed Demons.As I've said, the show seems to have divided people.  You might want to sample an episode on rerun before you buy the season (they are also available on-demand here if you don't have the History Channel).  I love the shop, I haven't fallen in love with the show yet.  It has potential, though, as long as it keeps pushing to establish its own individuality.  KGHarris, 8/12.
I didn't watch any of this seasons episodes.  I knew after one episode of the first season that the show was not meant for my generation.  Had I been a teenager the show would have rated better than three stars for sure.
Mindy is to be commended for having enough sense to finally leave The Office. She should also be among the first against the wall when the artisan revolution rolls around. This show offers nothing new, no unique viewpoints, no relevant voice, and is an overall let down. Quite honestly, we had expected better of her and have been once more taught to expect nothing out of anyone in the business for the money and not for the art. She could have been a truly unique stand out, instead we get a clone of a clone of a clone of...you get the point. Save the IQ points, watch Victorious or Icarly instead...at least they are trying.
Movie is bad, but story of Elizabeth (as she preferred to be called) and Richard (as he preferred to be called) is a slight look into their story, as blurred as it may be.Lindsey not a very good actress but seems to have a connection with Elizabeth (this role).Its not worthy of any awards or a movie screen but if you love The Burton's you may want to see this.
This was almost one of those series that would only make it if I were bored out of my skull. Very predictable.
We loved this series on PBS.  Lewis and Hathaway are wonderful characters, well acted with plots have great twists and turns.  On PBS we could turn on closed captioning to catch all the dialog.  Hathaway's asides can be especially difficult to understand.If there was a closed captioning option, this would be a 4 1/2 stars.
Well, its not the &#34;24&#34; of seasons past. Like Jack and Chloe. Don't care for some of the other characters.
The best part of this was Bill Murray's cameo. Too bad he's not actually in the show, he might have saved it from being a predictable snoozer.Sorry John Goodman, you were only funny as Dan Connor. Where is that accent supposed to be from?The black guy is funny. And the little bald guy kinda is, except the gay thing is tired. I don't like Live With Kelly's soap opera husband in this.Pass.
Written by people who did not do their history homework and engaged by actors with just a modicum of ability, the show takes us 400 years back in time to another country where everyone speaks English and laundromats are as plentiful as Starbucks.
The main story is still the same and a bit repetitive but the side stories including character development is growing.  The series is worth watching and season 3 will probably be good as well. Maybe a 4 star with broadening the concept into the more of the 'non-main' but regular characters.
Event. People wandering about. Event. People wandering about. Hokey dialogue. Event. People wandering about. Poor special effects. Event. People wandering about. Poor acting. More hokey dialogue. Event. People wandering about. Poor special effects. Event&#8230; Skip this movie, order a pizza and watch something else. Anything else.
After 20 minutes we turned it off. We just don't care for foul language that never seems to stop.Not worth our time to finish watching.
I just watch a preview of the series so its ok.  not sure even why a preview needs a review.  It seem ok.  Haven't seen the series
very easy to delete any worthwhile comments about this good-for-nothing presentation of an egotist and ensemble, in mundane predictable skits.
I spent 5 seasons needing to keep notes on this well filmed, often well written, series- details presented one season seemed to return later on. I watched every episode of this final short season because of it's past quality, and mostly because of that. Based on a one off episode in 4th season I always had a feeling of incompleteness with this one.Season 4 ended with the Obervers writing Peter out of the timeline we were familiar with just as peace was achieved between the two universes. 5 starts with our guys preserved in Amber, the Observers having taken over decades ago and rattled on to a very unsatisfactory, sloppy ending.After Walter & the Observer boy traveled to the future origin point of the Observers, thus stopping their creation, time was reset- but only to the moment before the start of the invasion (if the Observers never existed then the reset would be to a time before the series ever started). So many threads left hanging I wonder if the producers had ideas for a full season but got funding cut off and had to cobble things together? I would've liked 5 better if it'd had a few more episodes.
Cute for teens maybe... but too many gaps in the plot for me and oddly... incongruous amount of thong views of girls supposedly between the ages of 14 -16.
We've been watching this for quite some time.  The program is somewhat entertaining, though I've begun disliking it due to a few particular actors who display less than desirable character traits.
I watched some of the first season and was interested enough to track down the books.  After reading the books I can't stand to watch the show.So much of what they changed are things I look at and think "Oh, they're copying (insert popular show) ".  All of the characters are sadly twisted versions of the ones that quickly catch your attention in the books (and make you care and wait anxiously for the next book so you can find out what is happening with them now).  They dropped some of the best characters and kept others that only showed up in a single book.  And the main characters bear only a passing resemblance to the ones from the books.I know a weekly television show cannot capture everything a full length novel can, but even popcorn has to have some substance.
The first episodes provided a huge problem/mystery for the characters in the town to deal with, and the writing was character driven and solid, though the (cheesy sci-fi) premise wobbled beneath everything.  It has devolved in the last two episodes into almost unbearable cardboard, with the introduction of Natalie Zea's character (waste of an excellent actor), her mother, the one note female sheriff's deputy, the four kids, horribly underwritten and unevenly played, the underground fight club (yawn).  Won't even watch it for free anymore.  The actor playing 'Barby' can carry a lot of weight on his well-muscled shoulders, but Hercules himself would sink under the weight of this tanking turkey.
This show COULD be great if more time was spent with amazing actors like Gael Garcia Bernal (LOVE seeing him in a series!) and Malcolm McDowell. But too quickly it went off into an annoying copy of HBO's Girls if they played instruments with that look-at-me-being-so-cool- and -artsy- in- my- NY- apartment- no- one- in- their- twenties- could- afford style. I see that there are some really great Wes Anderson folks behind the scenes on this so I would expect something more original. Girls, after all, stopped being interesting after about one season.
I really loved the series until after the writers strike.  When they started showing the show after the strike I just didn't ever start following it again.  Sons of Anarchy isn't the only TV series that I did care for after the writers strike.  The writer's, of course, make all the show whether it be good or bad, but their strike did more harm than good to their material.
TV News is easy to make fun of but Onion steps it up a notch. A nice mix of weird but nearly believable characters who try to keep Onion going by finding the most farfetched stories and presenting them as the news. The "headlines" reporting is funny and is a highlight. View Onion as a cross between Broadcast News and the newsroom scenes from Superman. Not sure they have given the brilliant Jeffrey Tambor enough to do so far at least. Given the fast pace and sheer absurdity they may achieve the holy grail of this kind of comedy - the immortal Airplane.
Look, I totally get that Dario Argento has a devoted fan-base and so I am not writing this review to insult either the director or his followers but rather for unwary horror fans (like me) that might be confused by so many glowing reviews found on this page."Argento's Dracula" really kept me guessing on just how to view it; i.e. is it trying to be legit horror or campy, shoestring budget, fictional cloning that includes some soft-porn?  If it's trying to be legitimate horror, then consider the following:  Many of us have likely witnessed finer, acting performances at a local, high school play...  in fact it may be an insult to high schools all over America to compare the two.  Additionally, you've probably seen better quality costumes and wigs on display at informal Halloween parties over the years; and if said party had generic, scary music playing in the background then it was decidedly preferable to the scoring for this flick.  Furthermore if you've ever been completely engrossed in your work at any time and someone innocently walked up from behind and tapped you on the shoulder, thus scaring you, said encounter would represent a substantially greater fear factor than this movie possesses, whereas If you remember playing video games in the 90's and were enthralled by the cut-scenes then you will have witnessed infinitely better CGI.  And finally, if you've ever been privy to a sixth-grade book report on Bram Stoker's Dracula then you would inevitably find a more professional script than can be found in this film.I felt really bad for Rutger Hauer (Van Helsing) who seems like he accidentally wandered onto the set from the local rest home, Thomsas Kretschmann (Dracula... no I mean he's Dracula) does a really lousy Gary Oldman impersonation and Asia Argento (the chick on the cover) is just straight-up embarrassing to watch.  In all fairness, I have seen worse horror films ("Plan 9 From Outer Space" & "Manos, Hands of Fate" come to mind) however I absolutely would not recommend spending actual money on watching this cheese-festival (lucky for me it was on Netflix) cuz it sucks really, really bad.  :o)
This show is terrible and I didn't like one thing about it.  The story line is just messed up, and the show is just not appealing filming wise.  The show is just awkward to watch even alone.  The nudity is unnecessary and disgusting.  I didn't like the characters and they didn't do well together.  I recommend amazon to discontinue this idea.
Movie kept me enthralled throughout.  Poor grade of graphics grainy to watch.  Special affects were pretty good.  Just wish quality of the picture was better.
In this mildly entertaining thriller Stephen Dorff plays a man trapped inside a plastic case. To reveal his occupation may spoil the film's plot, so let me call him just a man. His name is Jeremy Reins, and as the film starts, he wakes up in the dark, confused and disoriented, to find there is something like a digital clock before him. The countdown is going on and it seems there is more than one person who is trapped like him. What is going on?Comparison is inevitable. The opening of "Brake" strongly reminds of "Buried," in which Ryan Reynolds' character finds himself buried alive inside a coffin. Now let me quickly add that Gabe Torres' "Brake" differs from "Buried" at several major points. Without revealing too much, I can say that similarity ends pretty early on in the story, where we know why Jeremy is held captive.So far, the film is good. In spite of Stephen Dorff's solid performance, however, "Brake" is not as thrilling as it should be. The plot development is slow and contrived. The film cannot maintain the claustrophobic atmosphere that grabs our attention at its beginning, showing its hand too early in its attempt to keep us interested. The film's mid-section feels drawn-out, with gimmicks (like the "countdown" and the attacking bees) that are random and pointless. It borrows ideas from other thrillers and never develops them.Several reviewers have criticized the film's ending. While I agree with them, I also think the weak script is to be blamed for the ineffective development of the story. In short, we don't know what the trapped man wants (or needs) to do. His own survival or something else? The story goes around and around, not knowing where it wants us to take. "Brake" has a nice idea, which is ultimately half-baked.
My daughter would for sure give it five stars.  As a mom I will give it three. I never allowed her to watch this show until just this year, she is now four.  It isn't as bad as I thought.  She seems to enjoy it and some of the characters are crazy funny.
Producers of this series is really reaching for so many possibilities to make it believeable that it detracts from everything that I like about this series.  Wow, that seems like a contradiction.  I think the series should have been named &#34;Ancient Ancestors&#34;. Maybe we could have gained some knowledge to what was ancient history.
This is a film about the relationships of people and how they unknowingly are interconnected in ways that in some cases they will never truly understand. The movie jumps from country to country and person to person throughout the storyline and in some way they are all connected with each other and usually it involves a sexual relationship of themselves or their partner.  The film features an all-star cast of international movie stars but even such an honor roll of stars could not save this movie.The movie presentation is choppy and the directing is done in the same manner.  The storyline drags in the first half of the movie and it is 40 minutes before Anthony Hopkins makes his first appearance. After Hopkins shows up the film gets gradually better but still not spectacular.  The script and storyline are just generic and no real plot ever develops during the movie.  It is just bland and the film just seemed flat and uninspired.My wife and I still rated it a 3 star presentation but many people will not like it.  The film was better in the second half but it only raised it from a 1.5 to a 3 star rating.  I am not sure that I can truly recommend this film and if I were you I would rent it and not buy the DVD.
fell downhill quite a bit as a show. Went from my favorite to just 'meh'
could not finish it, it's a musical, felt like glee, and I hate glee (yeah I know it's popular).I find myself not caring about any character in this show at all.
I watched this on one of the many sites on which you can watch movies free. Just google the name of a movie and "watch online" and you'll find them. Anyhow we can screw Hollyweird, I'm on board for that, since they screw us every chance they get with their crap movies. Even free, this film wasn't worth watching.
I did not like this program.  You know how sometimes you love something and other times you hate it; well, this is that case.
First of all, I love the concept.  Wish we would see more of Dorothy.  Love the plot lines.  Adventurous Dot is great!  But, THE VOICE for Glenda just doesn't work.  Too goofy.  Daughter didn't like it either. Keep that voice for the crazy magic hat, if you must, but recast Glenda ... if you want the show to last more than a few weeks.Personally, I wouldn't tune-in again just because I wouldn't want to watch more of airhead Glenda.  Glenda shouldn't be a stand-in for Goofy.  And I am one that liked the concept...so if I wouldn't bother again... and my daughter found it dull, I think you have a problem with Glenda.Just my thoughts now: Dorothy is a MAJOR character, so if you have her in the show, use her.  I know this detracts from DOT and so it is problematic.  Still, you can't have DOT as the only sensible character and hope that it will attract many viewers. Even Little Boo, comes off as totally below Dot and just a foil for her smarts.  Maybe part of the charm of Oz was that there were several characters to cheer for.  I think in its current state, you just show one, Dot.  And I like Dot. But don't play her against the buffoonery of Glenda, the thoughtlessness of Lil Boo, and etc. etc. We need more than DOT to bring us back.
I really enjoyed this show for 4 seasons but this final season was a mistake, the actors are off center and lost the flow, as it seems Mary did have a baby in real life it, which  squashed the show , a complete opposite of character Mary. Congrats on her new baby but she needs to and did move on, I only saw the first premier episode, which was painful to watch, Having hard in your face Mary turn into a fake hard Mother while goggling her baby, Looked like she did use her own baby which would be cool, anyway its conflicting in her devotion to the job of Marshall,to bad her partner and her didn't get together, everything ends, Good Luck
Out with the old, in with the new. X-FILES has for sure generated its share of would-be successors. FRINGE, WAREHOUSE 13, EUREKA, and SANCTUARY are only four of the ones still airing on television. Being a sci-fi/ horror/ fantasy junkie, I'm compelled to view them all. I'm not saying SANCTUARY is the best of the lot (that would be EUREKA), but it's got certain things going on in its favor.There are clandestine strongholds, Sanctuaries, scattered across the globe which house all manner of strange, fantastic creatures, some sentient, some not, and some monstrous and catastrophic. Our cast includes the resident werewolf (who provides tech support), Bigfoot, a forensic psychiatrist, and Jack the Ripper, and their leader Dr. Helen Magnus, a beautiful scientist much older than she looks and who heads up one of the Sanctuaries. The show tracks Magnus and her crew's exploits as they seek to study and shelter (and, if required, contain) these grotesques that inhabit the world in secret. They had to label them something, but "Abnormals" for some reason just doesn't do it for me. I guess I don't think it's catchy enough. Abnormal makes me think of a skin growth or tofurkey or Nicolas Cage.The two-part "End of Nights' picks up from last season as we learn the fate of Dr. Magnus's daughter Ashley, who had been abducted and genetically experimented on by the shadowy organization derivatively calling itself the Cabal. Ashley is metamorphosed into a vampiric killing machine and deployed, along with five others who had been genetically manipulated, to conduct surgical strikes against the Sanctuaries network. It's a heck of a send-off, the writing staff having decided to write Ashley out of the show. "End of Nights" is one of the series's most action-packed episodes, the best bit probably that of the sinister John Druitt channeling his inner Blade the Vampire Killer as he takes on Ashley and friends. Points taken away, though, for the otherwise perfect Amanda Tapping's over-the-top histrionics in these two episodes. I mean, I get it. She's frantic over her missing daughter. But, sheesh...What hurts the season is its episodic tendency. It lacks the connective tissue of a thru story arc to pull you even more into the cast's various adventures. Instead, what we get is mostly this "monster of the week" vibe. Several characters don't make it out okay. But if the writers were trying for a dramatic, impactful beat, it doesn't work out that way for one of the characters to whom I felt was done a disservice. This person's death scene is accomplished in perfunctory fashion. In fact, it happens off camera. And, in "Eulogy," is it just me who wanted to whack that obnoxious pixie with a mighty flyswatter?This time out, the Sanctuary team encounters weirdness in the shape of a pudgy superhero, a pandemic that ravages the human race in the near future, Magnus's degenerative brain disease, a telepathic tribunal, a 5000-year-old cult, an extinction-level Abnormal, and, perhaps most terrifyingly, a Bollywood dance number. My favorite characters continue to be Dr. Helen Magnus, the deadly John Druitt, BigGuy, and the awesome half-nosferatu Nikola Tesla. I'm not yet sold on Agam Darshi who is introduced as freelance operative Kate Freelander in "End of Nights." Her character feels lightweight and I'm not down with her incessant jibber-jabber. But I find Darshi more accessible than Emilie Ullerup.For tepid episodes like "Fragments" and "Penance," we get highly watchable stuff like the fun "Hero," the bleak post-apocalyptic "Pavor Nocturnus," and the very plot-twisty "Veritas" (directed by Amanda Tapping and guest-starring EUREKA's Erica Cerra). I couldn't get that into the two-part season closer "Kali," and not even the nice character moments for Kate can salvage it. It's yet another cliffhanger ending, with lives in the balance and Magnus's directorship at Sanctuary in peril of usurpation. Not as good as EUREKA or FRINGE, mostly because, despite its potential, the show's writers can't seem to stretch their wings enough, and so we're forced to settle for a mediocre product. And yet SANCTUARY is bolstered with decent f/x and solid performances by Amanda Tapping, Christopher Heyerdahl, and recurring guest actor Jonathon Young (as Tesla). Season 2 produces just enough cool or redemptive moments that it's guaranteed itself a measure of loyalty and steady eyeballing from me of future episodes. But I hope they bring back Ralfie... only the cutest ugly dog creature thing ever!SANCTUARY - THE COMPLETE SECOND SEASON collects the entire 13 episodes on four discs and has the following hefty bonus material:- Cast & Crew Audio Commentaries on all 13 episodes (and plenty of these featuring actress/executive producer Amanda Tapping who, when you listen to her, sounds less British and a lot more fun to be around with than the workaholic Dr. Magnus)- "International Sanctuary" - featurette which details the global network that is the Sanctuaries (00:03:24 minutes long)- Amanda Tapping Directs the "Veritas" episode (00:03:42 minutes)- "'Next Tuesday' - Anatomy of an Episode" - a breakdown of this season's bottle episode (00:16:45)- "SANCTUARY's Visual Effects" (00:08:55)- "Sanctuary for Kids" - Amanda Tapping talks about the show's launching of its charitable foundation which seeks to help children in crisis (00:01:12)- SANCTUARY Goes to the San Diego Comic Con (00:08:06)- Robin Dunne's Video Diary - "Will Vision - Behind the Scenes & On Set" - worth watching for the genuinely moving final two minutes or so as Robin records the last day of shooting for Season 2 (00:13:18)- Robin Dunne's Video Diary: "Will Vision - SANCTUARY Goes to Japan" for a presser and to shoot several establishing shots of the Japan Sanctuary, until the monsoon came along (00:10:48)- "Dancing in Mumbai" - about that moment in the season finale "Kali, Part II" in which Robin Dunne has to dance, Bollywood style - and we get a behind-the-scenes peek at the dance rehearsals that went into it; I'll be honest, though, Dunne's dancing is pretty stiff and awkward (00:12:35)- Bloopers & Outtakes (00:05:07)- Behind the Scenes Slideshow (00:04:11)
There are a couple of tv shows with music successfully included in a drama and/or comedy show.  It always seemed to me they go downhill when the singing stops.  This pilot goes downhill from the opening song and either stays there or goes further down.  The songs and singing were mediocre.  The acting and writing was amateurish.  I am embarrassed for Bebe Neurwirth.  She deserves better but should also have known better than to allow herself to be dragged into this muck.  Perhaps out of work older actors have to take jobs beneath their skill level just like a lot of other workers in this economy. Sad.
It may be the editing rather than the acting, or even the directing... but it just doesn't have the right timing. It just calls attention to itself rather than the story and makes it hard to settle into it. but it does have the Doctor in it so I will watch it anyway. good thing or doubt anyone would bother.
i understand why some would watch, but i just couldn't latch on to any of the people... i just couldn't get &#34;hooked&#34;..
pretty funny. not as much as the first season, but definitely has it's moments. zooey is, as always, hilarious. :)
OK, it has to be said that this does bear more than a passing resemblance to Lost, Falling Skies, the Waking Dead, and V (and that is just for starters). It is not 5 star material IMO but then neither are the above. I'd probably watch a full season of it despite the stereotyped character traits but as others have noted, many did the writers stereotype the characters out of the gate.
I'll just quote my review of season three:&#34;I'm a spy movie fan and I'd like to go with the fantasy, but it's just too contrived. It's so predictable that it's not much fun.&#34;I jumped to season 3 without watching much of 2 or 1 thinking that if it's been renewed for that many seasons, it must be getting better. Right? Wrong. Slightly, ever so slightly, more polished. The writing is very amateurish.
I heard about this from my son, he said he just laughs and laughs. I don't. I find the mom character the most amusing, especially when her son said he used to pretend she wasn't his mother, she said &#34;me too&#34;...much like the comedy Arrested Development (I believe she is the same actress). Other than that, I haven't so much as smiled.
I do enjoy the characters & their storylines. But the soap opera drama leads rather than weekly plots played out- I like the smaller investments rather than having to recall the character's history. I like the shorter plots rather than watching how the big picture arc storylines play out.
Didn't we do this in the 70&#8217;s? It was called &#34;Soap&#34;. It's hard to tell where this might go and it's hard to judge from one episode, but the crossdressing father seemed pretty over the top. I don't buy that character and it takes the show from possibly edgy comedy-drama to farce.
excellent acting but do not like such fast moving dialogue and switching back and forth between different scenarios.  looked like excellent story line though.
Was really looking forward to this as the premise mirrors my own life in so many ways, but oy, the writing is weak, the main character is a piece of wood (we're supposed to think he's deeply disturbed and divided through flashbacks of him as a kid protecting his older brother), but there's no vision of the turmoil inside Barry (Basam) except through his tepid American (blonde, of course) wife, who keeps pestering him and saying there's no joy in their life (well, why hang around so long then?).  So Barry/Basom clearly has issues to work on, and I liked the storyline, but there's no depth, it's all formulaic cartoon that was done much better in Syriana and other films on Arab potentates, the potential for political reform, good son vs. bad son, etc.  Bummer.  Could've been a contender.
There is little competition or excitement but it is fun to see what they create. The styles and skills also liven up the programs. I will continue to watch to the end!
If you want to see a historically accurate film about the eruption of the Vesuvius in 79 AD that destroyed Pompeii, then this is not the movie for you. If instead you want to see an entertaining sword and sandals picture, well, then you might enjoy this movie. Milo (Kit Harrington) is a Celtic warrior imprisoned by the Romans during the Invasion of Britain and turned into a slave. Having seen all his family killed by the invading Romans, he is thirsty for revenge. Slated to fight as a gladiator in Pompeii just before the explosion of the volcano, the unexpected events might make his dreams come true.This movie looks like an extended, lesser chapter of the TV series Spartacus. Kiefer Sutherland is a very good villain as a nasty power hungry Roman senator. Unfortunately, not the same can be said of the uncharismatic actor portraying Milo, the Orlando Bloom look alike Kit Harrington. His love interest, the Roman Cassia, played by Emily Browning, does not impress much. But Adewale Agbaje does a fine impression as Atticus, the African gladiator that becomes Milo's ally (this character clearly mirrors Doctore in Spartacus, that was played by Peter Mensah).The fight scenes are fine, and so is the volcano explosion (though the use of computer imagery is a bit obvious at times). The photography is sometimes too dark and murky.
This was a difficult movie to watch. I knew that the guy was the  the x husband from the time he came into the drug store and freaked her out. Would not watch again.
He killed a guy, bones, civil suit about the guy he killed. No character development, not a good pilot for people haven't read the books. TNT passed?
It's okay, it's not bad.  It's just not awfully good.  It isn't something I will watch again unless there is NOTHING else.
I tried watching it and I finally gave up on it after this past episode.  There was minimal effort to find the shifter.  All the immortal witch did was cast a spell which she could have done in the beginning but no she doesn't want her girls to practice the craft or they will be found out and killed again since they are cursed.  Yes, I know there is someone behind the shifter and I really don't care anymore.  The show focuses more of the younger daughter and her love triangle between two brothers, then on the older sister and her romance with the police officer then finally on the "who's behind the..."  The show seems very soap opera in its direction and the acting seems a bit overly acted trying to add a dramatic flair to the show. I found the acting and the character of Ingrid extremely annoying and am surprised she hasn't been burned at the stake yet.
I loved this show but Abbey is going over the top.  Her behavior is bordering on emotional abuse and bullying of children.  People were outraged over last Tammi on last year's season of Basketball Wives.  Abbey is getting pretty close and she's pulling her antics on CHILDREN.  What kind of example is being set for them??? Is this like Lance Armstrong syndrome, that you do whatever to win???? That they have to be in abusive situations to be on a winning team?  I'll have to pass on this show from now on.  I can't condone children being in this environment.
This documentary celebrates the work of Rick Hall, who grew up in poverty but who eventually became the force behind the Muscle Shoals operation, that continues to this day in Alabama.  From a personal point of view, Hall's life has been touched by tragedy; his mother left him, his father died in a tractor accident and a brother was scalded to death.  But this has been offset by his energy and sheer entrepreneurial skill in creating Fame Studios.  Greg 'Freddy' Camalier's film is full of insights - the fact that most of the backing tracks on some of the classic soul works recorded at Fame (by Wilson Pickett, Percy Sledge and Aretha Franklin were provided by a caucasian group, who later left Hall to found their own recording studio close by to Hall's.  We also learn how Muscle Shoals became a magnet for groups worldwide including the Rolling Stones and Traffic.  The ambiance might appear unprepossessing, the facilities somewhat rudimentary; but the sound quality and technical support available there was second to none.  This is chiefly down to Hall's influence; he comes across as someone driven by the need for success, much of which he has achieved over five decades.  The only criticism of MUSCLE SHOALS is structural: director Camalier interweaves past and present narratives in such a way as to make it difficult to distinguish between them, especially if viewers are unfamiliar with the music being discussed.  Perhaps there might have been a case for cutting down on the number of celebrity reminiscences (which tend to be superficial at best) and introducing a narrator to offer some sort of guidance to the uninitiated.
The movie is short, thank goodness for that. The plot was too silly (over an hour stuck in a ATM). The acting was stiff at times, if I was a killer I'd just stand outside the whole damn time????The movie obviously has many flaws and if it was released at a Box Office it would have bombed. I expected something better but just like P2 and other junk films called "Thrillers" this movie was not that.
I've watched all seasons but couldn't finish this one. Brandi's racial remarks and then Lisa's husband's remarks to maid when she asked for just one dress of the many  that Lisa was giving away. All the maid said is she wished she could have one. And he jumped all over her ugh! That did it for me. This show has gone down hill. Nobody gets along anymore. Atleast before there were some fun times. Like I said after the maid thing I was done. Too bad I spent my money on this. That just gives all of them them more money . Like they need anymore than they have already.
This is a young adult sex romp comedy, or at least tries to be funny.  Cameron (Virginia Williams) and her husband (Jesse Bradford) have an open marriage. They attempt to convince Owen (Bryan Callen) and Kate (Tammin Sursok) they should try it. Through a series of circumstances they all end up at a Hampton house complete with a young naked man, two girls from Craig's List, a Brazilian bombshell, and a decorator.While this is going on they try to hide it from a visiting author the guys want to sign. Confusion mounts as signs of infidelity are all around.The film wasn't funny. It  took a standard formula and ruined it with a bad plot and idiotic dialogue. They just put one stupid thing on top of another without thinking if it was funny or not. It started out with promise and then fizzled fast.Not recommended even as a rental.Parental Guide:  F-bomb, sex, nudity.
The new vampire and werewolf do nothing for the show... did not enjoy it at all. Miss the other characters they were awesome
I'm not particularly fond of this cartoon but my son seems to love it.  He has since he first was introduced to it.  It's ok
This is another fake reality show. The cast is made up of human train wrecks who long ago left the Amish community pretending to be innocents encountering the outside world. We have the typical collection of drunks, wifebeaters, petty criminals and losers that can be found anywhere.Putting the fake elements and the fraud of the show aside, the only thing of value here is that it seems a certain percentage of humans, no matter where they come from or how they are raised, are trash. Even though its a fake show, the really awful nature of each of their personalities comes out. The show might have been better called "becoming trailer trash".
I was really disappointed in the 3 shows i watched in this series. It was totally all speculation, made up scenarios that did not even make sense. I gave it 1star only because you can learn a little about some cultures and their history somewhat. Though I did not like it, it is free with your prime account. Perhaps take a look for yourself and decide....
Two episodes in and still boring.  This is the kind of show in which 70 percent of the scenes are totally unnecessary and completely irrelevant to an otherwise very thin and clich&eacute;d plot.  And the rest of it, the presumed &#34;plot&#34;, is just plain dull. I would rather see a decent storyline with most of the time spent in commercial breaks, rather than a bad show with tons of pointless filler.  What a waste of pixels!  Halle is a talented actor and she looks like she already knows that she is stuck in a lemon -  she looks terribly bored with this fiasco herself.  I see an early cancellation for this one.
After an Indian Casino robbery, the crooks find themselves stranded in a winter snow storm after a deer takes out their vehicle. Addison (Eric Bana) and Liza (Olivia Wilde) are siblings who split up. Addison trudges his way through the woods, acting like Eric Roberts. Meanwhile Jay (Charlie Hunnam) a boxer recently released from prison and in trouble again, picks up Liza along the road- her make-up is perfect and her skin isn't even red from the cold snowy air. They hit it off.Also in area live Jay's parents (Kris Kristofferson  and Sissy Spacek). There is also a local female policewoman (Kate Mara), a friend of the family who has daddy issues. Guess where this leads?The film follows pretty much your basic formula. The acting was so-so for a script that lacked clever lines. If you liked the stale films done by Eric Roberts, this one follows the course. Olivia Wilde once again plays mindless sex pot, perhaps the only real reason to watch the film.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex, brief nudity (Olivia Wilde, Charlie Hunnam- rear)
Sometimes with Samuel L. Jackson you get him playing a hero or a villain and honestly he's good at both. He did a good job playing his character in this one as an evil eyed killer that murdered people "just because". His role in the film is one of the movies more redeeming qualities as I don't believe it would have worked so well with a different actor. These "I met a stranger" type of movies really require just the right person with the right bits of crazy. The only other movie I think that pulled it off nicely was "Blood River" but that's a whole different league.Meeting Evil is the story of a man who's down on his luck with his job,his life, and his marriage. Everything that can go wrong did go wrong for him. He's just a good guy trying to hold on to whatever positive he has left. What is unraveled in this movie is a much deeper personal look into John's problems. The first of which starts as soon as he foolishly tries to lend a helping hand to a stranger that knocks on his door. Samuel Jackson plays "Richie" a sadistic killer that's capable of doing anything and everything. John is at first very naive to all of this until he finally buts it all together for himself and finds himself caught in an even deeper mess than he ever imagined.What makes meeting evil good is that it brings up some interesting plot points and what makes it bad is that it never builds on them at all. It just sort of shows you one thing like Johns relationship with his female co-worker and then it never comes back to it. It's sort of just left there when for the first half of the movie you're basically watching the chemistry between the two characters. That's just how "Meeting Evil" plays out. Good ideas that never seem to wrap themselves up. The ending to the film is a prime example of that as for the type of movie this is, it's the type where a solid ending is needed but this one likes to leave on an open note.For those reasons I didn't enjoy Meeting Evil much. The majority of the show is watching people being senselessly murders (although it's portrayed very well adding mystery and allure to how Richie works)but the movie never seems to have any uplifting moments or any point to it. It's very dark and leaves you feeling kind of in a hopeless place watching the killer roam free and John dragged into it. There really aren't any heroes in this movie just victims. There's no one to cheer for and Samuel Jackson with make you hate him by the time the final scenes come up. He just completely Evil in this movie and maybe that's why I didn't enjoy it so much. Usually when Samuel Jackson plays a villain he has some trait that makes him likeable but, in this movie he is just sadistically evil.Without spoiling the movie which is easy to do as there are few twists in the shallow story, you really are just watching a movie about a pathetic man whose life turns upside down thanks to not only the killer that bumps into his life but the people that the man trusts as well turn out not to be on his side either.Overall I give the movie about a 2.5 out of 5. I didn't enjoy watching it but, that doesn't mean it's a bad movie. I can see others watching it and enjoy it as it does have it's good points but for me personally it's just not my taste.
Poor writing, filming, acting, ...Unlikable, depressing characters. Just plain awful.Makes you wonder who is responsible for selecting the types of shows used in the pilot program.
Starts off with an interesting premise, but gets very weird toward the end of the pilot. Let's just skip this one.
Offensive just for the sake of being offensive. Which I would understand them doing if the show was actually funny. But it wasn't. It was just sad. These teachers represent everything wrong with society. It is not entertaining to watch them swear like a bunch of 5th graders who think they're grown up.
At the base of the story is a group of teenagers oblivious to an obviously evil presence that demands their cooperation.  To get into that  is getting more difficult for me.  A sharp town sheriff is one moment sharp then repeatedly erratically gullible.  A smart man accused of murder is holding a gun on the murderer and doesn't mention to the sheriff who is present that the murderer fired the gun which can be proved with a paraffin test (used by police for at least 100 years).  Even so, I'll watch at least one more episode.
I kept thinking that they would solve it this week and move on to a new case. Had I known that this whole series was going to be about the same dead girl, I would have chosen to watch another new series. This show should have been a made for tv movie. How can the writers justify calling this a series when the story line is about one girl's death. All my hard work watching this season, only to find out, that in the end, nothing is as it seems. I don't think I'll be back next season! What a waste of time!
Elementary is entertaining. I recommend it for the primary reason it is keeping one of literatures great characters alive one hundred and twenty some odd years after he was created. Now that is a viable character; and there aren't that many to begin with. Plus, Sherlock Holmes the character something to teach about observation. The programme itself is Ok in my opinion. Don't expect to be electrified, though those new to the character might be electrified by the mental acuity of Holmes.
They're getting there. I think season one sputtered but two is better, lots of guest stars to amp up the stories. Most shows are variations on movies like Fast and Furious, Big Trouble in Little China, any kidnap story, any drug and drug cartel story. The uber bad guy Woo Fat is the bad guy in Big Trouble and the parade of guest stars who get to go to Hawaii to shoot is immense. I still can't get behind Scott Cann, he always has a face like a walnut and a furrowed bow; it's not real good acting or reacting, oh well. Looks like they are switching out female leads. Good camera and FX work. Some funny moments between old Lost cast mates and JJimmy Buffet as an old chopper pilot is interesting. Bad guys you hate and good guys that grow on you. McGarrett and Danno regularly violate people's civil rights and enjoy doing it. Can't wait to see season3.
Though it's entertaining to watch the fine performances of John Hurt and Elijah Wood, the story of hunting down some intellectual serial killer just doesn't add up, and really serves to make this less of a film than it could have been.  There just isn't enough substance to hold the story together.  It's the performances of the two main actors that redeem it a bit.
TBBT is one of those shows that people do not stop talking about. After hearing all this great stuff, I thought I should jump in! On a day off, I caught a marathon on TBS. I watched about 4 episodes, didn't find them funny, so I decided it wasn't for me. Recently I won a season in my office's white elephant. I thought I would maybe give it another try, because maybe the episodes I saw where just from when the show was in a dry patch. I popped this disk in, I watched all 7 episodes on that disk, and I didn't laugh once. The problem I have with this show, is that it doesn't really make you think, unlike so many other shows out there such as Arrested Development, Parks and Rec, and Community you don't have to think. The jokes are simple and all the jokes are just 'stand-in jokes' and none of the jokes &#34;come out of the charecters.&#34; I know that was kind of hard to understand haha, but the charecters just don't really feel real., How they portray Asperger's is unbelievably off, they portray people with that disease to be self-centered and really not care for anyone. I have a very close family member that has that disease and he is very kind and not as extreme as that character is. If you wanna see a good portrayal of that disease watch Parenthood or Community.  and how &#34;geeky&#34; they are. The overwhelmingly loud laugh track ruins the show, and the acting is just awful. I know some of you probably disagree with me, and that's OK. This is just my opinion.
This series started slow, but picked up during the second half of the first season. For this and the fact that it ended without really finishing the story or letting the viewer know whether it would continue for a fourth season left me some what disappointed.
Nothing wrong with production value/quality.  But the subject matter is so improbable that it seems like such a waste of energy to pack even more people into a crowded area (Tokyo) of a crowded country.  750,000 people in an engineered group of buildings stacked like a pyramid.  Watch it if you don't have strong reactions to hubris on display.
So this is sort go a guilty pleasure for me. The lead character is very stereotypical and all the characters are a bit too simple and stereotypical. But the action and story lines move enough to keep me coming back. There's nothing extraordinary  or compelling about it, I just watch it when I want to watch tv but there's no new episodes of shows I really like. I would definitely not watch it if it weren't free through amazon prime.
I love the old setting for war movies.  Ancient Rome, England or Scotland.  This is a pretty good one.  Leaves a little to be desired, but good overall.
The story lines are not too bad and the characters are fairly interesting.  It is what would be called soft porn so that's a bit of an alert for those not quite into that kind of thing.  I find a lot of the people sad and living unfulfilled lives.  Maybe that's why they want to full them with lots of sex.  I do find that it keeps me watching to find out what is going to happen next with certain characters.
Didn't really like this one. Granted, there were a few cute moments, but they were overwhelmed by the constant gabbing of the lead protagonists. I just got really annoyed with the ghetto accents. The animation is nothing impressive either. Mostly crude drawings; something you'd find more on adult swim I think. There were too many pop culture references and not enough supernatural aspects to the show. Nothing about this really impressed me and probably wouldn't watch this again.
Believe follows the same pattern, the same idea, as Touch: a young child has the ability to read people, to solve their problems, etc.,and the bad guys are out to get her for there own use. The good guys are trying to protect her because she is important, she has a destiny. We have yet to she why she is important, why she has a destiny, but I expect that will be answered in later episodes. Maybe.Unlike Touch, it has too many problems. First, there is a man scheduled to be executed in thirty minutes who the good guys want to rescue because he is to be the protector of the young girl. How or why, we don't know. Instead of say &#34;Hell yeah, get me out of here&#34; he argues with the man who came in as a priest - how he got by the warden I don't know - until fifteen seconds before he gets jolted or juiced. A convenient trap door drops him into a sewer that takes him to a waiting car. Second, the rest of the show. A lady running through a hospital waving a gun and no one calls security? No one dials 911? A terrible fight that is an embarrassment to the stunt profession. Poor script, poor stunt work,  poor direction. If they correct these flaws it could be a good show because it has a good concept. A child with abilities who helps people. Like . . . oh, yeah, Touch.
I have watched and loved DC from the beginning but just as some of the fisherman I have grown pretty tired of it and am retiring from watching it Since the Cornelia Marie is gone things seemed to have gone downhill from there with the story lines.  I have watched faithfully until the last 2 years though.  Sad about it!
Started out interesting, but I dropped it after a couple of shows.  I like a series that I care about at least some of the characters but I found none of the main characters to be anyone I could work up any enthusiasm for.  And the plots were a bit too outlandish.  I don't have a lot of free time so I choose my viewing carefully.
Over the years it has changed a lot and often I find some of the things said a bit trashy.
This season was too dark and violent for me. I made it to episode 4 and thought why am I watching this. Seems like they just want to shock you into how depraved they can make the show. I will pass on the rest of the season.
It was interesting to watch but I felt that the volunteers were slightly stacked. They all.had.a.very useful skill. That worked for the show. No cashiers,secretary. And there was way to much drama.
NO. Amaz on made 8 comedies. Of them 5 were pure crap and 2 were mostly crap and 1 was partly crap. This fell into the first. It was not the worst of them but it is still crap!
Chris Carter loves to film events that are bizarre and inexplicable.  The problem is, there is never a purpose, explanation, or context for the events that are taking place.  We are supposed to hope that if we just keep watching long enough something will become clear.  I wouldn't bet on it.  In order for me to enjoy scifi, there has to be some purpose or concept or framework to put everything in perspective.  Just an endless portrayal of the bizarre and inexplicable isn't enough.  I'm sure that Amazon can come up with some better concept for a scifi show than this.
Not as good as other SyFi series.  Kind of slow and you don't get a sense of OMG. Female officer is not believable and the Lesbian couple are a little over the top along with the girl who plays the daughter.  I have already watched half of the first season's episodes and I'm afraid it hasn't captured my attention and will probably not finish the season. Lost and Alias are better and more exciting when you are watching episodes that hook you in where you can't wait for the next chapter.
Two things to consider when playing a spy.  Don;t act like one and do your homework on that particular country. This series is seriously horrible, rediculous and unbelievable.  Also, the sexual content has no redeeming features which is also known as a description of pornography.  A caveat to the producers and directors. If you don't know what you are talking about  don't put it in the script.
"Justified" gave us two great seasons, partly because of the excellent work of the evil Bennett clan, especially Mags (Margo Martindale), Dickie (Jeremy Davis), and Coover (Brad William Henke). The two principal actors, Timothy Oliphant and Walton Goggins, are the mainstay of the series, but the Bennett clan was really the topping on the already rich cake.In case you didn't already know, the series is based on Elmore Leonard's work, and Leonard is well known for works which include "Get Shorty", "Hombre", and "Jackie Brown". His prior ventures in TV series include the short lived "Karen Sisco" (2003-4) and "Maximum Bob" (1998), so "Justified" is his first real TV hit. For his work as Executive Producer he received a Peabody in 2011.The series was nominated 5 times for an Emmy and Margo Martindale deservedly won in 2011 as Best Supporting Actress.Although the entire cast is excellent (Nick Searcy, Joelle Carter and Natalie Zea especially), one has to wonder whether "Justified" can succeed without the Bennetts. Personally I have my fingers crossed.FWIW - I just saw the opening for the 2013 series and I have to say I am disappointed. There is no real villain yet and the new characters are pretty dull, with the exception of "Constable Bob". I'll keep watching for a while longer, but maybe the creative people have just run out of juice.
I did not see &#34;The Complete First Season&#34; of Almost Human. I only saw a trailer-so I cannot fairly or fully assess the show. It looks &#34;okay&#34; and I'll give it a shot. Perhaps you should too.
He is not a good actor the show is ok but a bit boring to me, I am not crazy about this show.
Like Titanic, we know how this ends.The film attempts to develop an interesting love story to the background of Pompeii. Celt (Kit Harington) is taken prisoner by the Romans after they wiped out his village. He grew up fighting in the London arena. He is whisked away to Pompeii years later where his great strength as a gladiator and his ability as a horse whisperer catches the attention of a woman of wealth (Emily Browning). As it just so happens, she is being forced to marry the Senator (Kiefer Sutherland) a man who slaughtered Celt's village. Is there a writer in the house?The love story never evolved. Like most fighters, Celt has no trouble with 12 men, but takes him much longer fighting one man. There are no real political statements in the film. Celt believes his gods are punishing Rome, blah.blah, blah.Will do as a rental.No F-bombs, sex, or nudity.
While watching this movie, I was disappointed in places but I kept watching and was glad I did. I liked it much more after I thought about the plot and the underlying meaning.If you are looking for a fast-paced film - look elsewhere because this one isn't it. Take This Waltz takes a long time to get going. At first, instead of building momentum, we are presented with a bunch of quirky characters (Sarah Silverman, for example) who seem to just wander aimlessly around in life. But once the main characters, played Michelle Williams, decides what she is going to do, the movie picks up and the pieces start to fall in place.I agree with some other reviewers that parts of the film are way too slow and that sometimes the characters seem unrealistic. But that is part of the beauty in the film. Some people do not have direction in their lives and because of that are drawn to whatever or whomever helps give them some excitement. Unfortunately, those same people often do not bother to think about the consequences of their actions until it's too late. As one lady says in the shower scene, "new eventually gets old."Now, Michelle Williams's character will annoy you to no end because she's always crying and is way too timid in her marriage. But Seth Rogen's character isn't without his flaws either.  And the actor who plays Daniel (Michelle Williams's admirer) is just as much a loser as the rest of them.I wouldn't recommend that you pay full price to view Take This Waltz, but if it's only $2 or so, it would be a good movie to have playing in the background as you clean your room or to watch while playing Scrabble.
i like will arnett.  when he is funny, he is very funny.  but this is the third starring vehicle of his for him in a lead role in a sitcom and it shows all the signs of being as mediocre as the other two.  which is a shame because the actress playing his mother, margo martindale, has got the goods.  if anyone could make this work, she could.  i think arnett's problem is that he is just too much as the lead.  he does so much better when he is the supporting comic as he did with ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT and 30 ROCK.  he was also good support to will farrell in a spoof movie about ice skaters.also, everyone is trying to hard in this. if you can feel their labor in comedy, they are not funny.basically the plot is that will's mom ends up living with him while his father ends up living with his sister and her family. this is because the father wants a divorce. the only character who is working is margo's.  i would be tempted to throw everyone else out of this and have her as a newly widowed character starting out in a new community.  i think she could make that work.
The actors are attractive and wooden. Good series for adolescents who are more into clothes, cars, gadgets, and romance, with a now-and-then bloody fight to break the monotony. As to &#34;Arrow&#34; himself: I am reminded of a review of Talullah Bankhead in Cleopatra: &#34;She displayed the gamut of emotion from A to B.&#34;
Stupid - plain and simple - having a car alarm constantly blaring in the background sent me scurrying for the remote after just a few  - relentless - minutes. Too insultingly stupid for my sensibilities. You want my attention for a series; then don't irritate me from minute one. I don't care what went after, I'm simply not interested in anything that irritating and completely unnecessary to the story, my interest, or cinema.So you want feedback -don't ever do that again!
&#8220;Lovelace&#8221; is a bio-pic of Linda Boreman (played by Amanda Seyfried), or better known as her stage name Linda Lovelace, who starred in a 1972 pornographic film &#8220;Deep Throat.&#8221; Though Linda Lovelace was later involved in anti-pornography movement, the film focuses how she met her first husband Chuck Traynor (Peter Sarsgaard), who brought her into the porno industry, and how,she was actually treated by him.This is a fascinating subject matter, but, despite the wonderful performances from Seyfried and Sarsgaard, the film seems a bit superficial, lacking details. Linda&#8217;s relationship with her parents Dorothy (Sharon Stone) and John (Robert Patrick) is not fully explored. People like Gerry Damiano (Hank Azaria) and Hugh Hefner (James Franco) are portrayed in an uninteresting way. They (and other supporting characters like Linda&#8217;s best friend Patsy played by Juno Temple) leave almost no impression on us.&#8220;Lovelace&#8221; employs a familiar narrative device: telling the same story twice, with two different perspectives. Linda&#8217;s seemingly smooth road to the success as the star of &#8220;Deep Throat&#8221; is followed by a grimmer version of the same story, or what really happened between Linda and Chuck. I do not see the point of doing this. Her life itself is full of events, some very disturbing, so why not telling it in a more conventional way?As I said before, brilliant performances from the stars carry the film, but it seems to me that &#8220;Lovelace&#8221; is a missed opportunity for a more insightful observation about this interesting subject matter.
I enjoyed the series, but if you're looking for serious drama, this isn't for you. Pretty unrealistic-apparently one detective on the force, and his ride along partner is the medical examiner.
At least that's what they attempted.  But it doesn't really scare and it doesn't really make any sense.  Now, I'm thinking my rating may have been too high.  Is it a government conspiracy?  Is it a love story?  Is it an extra-terrestrial takeover? Is it a story about a phobia of toy dogs?  Yeah, it was watchable.  And this could have been a really good movie had the writers taken one of those ideas (maybe not the toy dog phobia) and stuck with it.  Bascially something falls from the sky into a storage center.  Conviently, the people at the center are locked into it because of a malfunctioning chain link gate.  And now the story gets falls off the rails.  Starting with the silly woman walking her dog who decides to investigate the fallen metal container.  Men in Black in cars suddenly show up, only to never be seen again.  Oh, nothing happens to them, the writers decided not to use them anymore.  So we're introduced to the love broken guy from Dr. Who and his best friend, who he finds out later... well, you'll see.  Throw in an old coot who's squatting in one of the storage pods, a creepy basement, toy dogs and fireworks, air ducts (a la ALIEN), a twist in the love story, and a creature that looks like a cross between the Predator and a dinosaur.  Actually, something you might see in a more intelligent version of Dr Who.  And at the end, you're waiting for the good Doctor to show up to rescue you from whatever is the new plot that the writers have devised. Actually, it looks like something they stole from 2010's Skyline, which is an even worse alien invasion movie.  But it's too late for this plot because the credits start rolling. The cast deserves better than this and so do you.
I understand they don't to fall into a pit with the leads hooking up, but making it feel like they are mismatched was hard to watch. The character of Anne felt hardened, where part of what I love about the character in the first couple of seasons was the heart and passion. Now she seems angry and lonely most of the time.
I was looking for DIY fireworks. Saw this and was not impressed, but love him in After the Catch with the captains
When I saw &#34;X-Files&#34; I wasn't sure if I really wanted to go forward with watching this, but I am glad I did. The French lady is slightly annoying over a long period, but I love her ability to do what needs to be done! It's definitely a motley crew.The birthday storyline reminded me of the movie &#34;Identity&#34; with John Cusack, so I'd be interested in seeing where that goes.Oh, and there's aliens.
This series was fairly good sometimes. I dropped it a star because of the volume explosions between scenes. A scene would end, and then the series theme music would blow your ears out. Yes, my TVs are able to equalize the volume. But I never want to use that setting because sound is vital to most films, and most all sound engineers know what they are doing.
never knew a fire fighter so didn't know what their work life was like. this is an informative documentary featuring fire fighters in Detroit, which is unfortunately experiencing urban blight along with extreme budget shortfalls. believably presented; I liked it. 3 and 1/2 stars.
I think that this was the my least favorite of the pilots, I like the actor from Paranormal Activity 3, but other than that nothing seem to mesh on this show.
An Austrailian import, it is a 'Splash' for tween girls. In comparision, it makes power rangers look like high drama. Don't waist your time or money here.
It's okay but stops short of really giving you a 4 or 5 Star performance. I have removed from my watchlist.
starting with an actor who was noted for military roles and still going on today Dr. Who is part of many of our lives.The original shows were on miniscule budgets and demanded a lot more imagination from the viewers than today's shows.The Aztecs in this show were probably more comfortable on the London Underground than in the Central American jungles but that doesn't matter.The Doctor is a far cry from today's version-  with no real alien identity (two movies had him as definitely an elderly Earthman)- but that didn't matter- kids loved it and more than a couple of their parents too!.A captivating history lesson
Still horrifying due to its nature but very informational. A watch for history buffs and to never forget one of our darkest tragedys
The actors are great. The places and culture are absorbing, compelling. The first half of the mystery is gripping, you can't wait for the next episode, and these people are masters of the end-of-episode cliff hanger. However, about half way through the season the dramatic reveal becomes common, almost boring, and the story become a bit cliche. By the end of the season I was fast forwarding through parts, just to get to the end. I won't bother with season 2.It's a shame. The season started  with a rush, but ended with a...&#34;eh.&#34;
I've seen a lot of the documentary footage before in other works.  That part plus the fabulous interviews I loved.  But it was impossible to watch because the camera technique is to jerk the camera around so much that it's hard on the eyes.
After watching the first episode I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and watch the second episode.  I made it through about 15 minutes and knew this was not for me.  It seems to be a dark mafia type show.  Some people may enjoy all the &#34;shoot them up&#34; but after watching The Glades and Justified Dar Blue just doesn't measure up.  I would not recommend it.
This episode is incredibly ludicrous.  The showdown features 1 Apache helicopter that takes about ten minutes to destroy two out of three bus's , get real...  There would have been half a dozen Apache's, and the game would have been over in seconds....  I can't believe anyone writing this would seriously believe that's the way it works, lol!!!!!  If you are going to use the military as part of your show, you need to hire a military adviser.  This is a cartoon.  The only reason I gave it three stars is because the acting was, for the most part good, effects not too bad, and the storyline could have been great, but really fell short.
Or better yet, DON'T read the comic. You'll probably like this more than I do.What have they done to Andrea and Michone?My God. Andrea is the furthest thing from a good character. Whiny, whiny, whiny. And Michone? WHY WON'T YOU TAAAAALK? Jesus, that's annoying.Rest of the cast is great. Can't wait for a zombie to munch on Andrea and Michone to cut off her head!!!
It was bad enough to not follow the book, but to continue the story next season. Give me a break. I will not be watching the made up sequel to this mess of a show
Fell asleep......Fell asleep......Fell asleep......Fell asleep......Fell asleep......You need to find and direct better shows. As a Harvard , Yale film student this is a C grade
YAWN! that pretty much sums it up. I watched it on DVD after reading the reviews and it was even slower than I expected. No real science because what they presented as science was hogwash. Boring plots, boring characters. The main storyline could have been a really interesting one but they messed that up completely. Not surprised it got cancelled this show is a failure.
Well done, especially the Mitchell and Webb cyborgs.  But I am missing the adult frisson that RiverSong brought to the group.  Will the Doctor ever grow up?
I don't know anything about the book series this is based on, so I can't speak to that. I think the series has potential, mainly because of it's star.  Welliver is very talented, and if this were to continue to series, I would hope the writers would give him more to do and play than &#34;angry man&#34;.  You've got the talent, let him use it!  I would give the series a chance if it continues.
I watched this documentary "The Perfect Human Diet" with great interest.  I feel it did a very credible job of trying to establish what Homo Sapiens have eaten through history.  However, it did not do justice to establish scientifically or answer the question what is "The Perfect Human Diet"?  It left more questions than answers.  If the goal/intention was to leave that answer up to the audience, then it did a good job.  I would like to ask C.J. Hunt, are you a meat eater? or what are your eating choices?  Unfortunately, I don't think your documentary was very good in promoting an important dialogue as to what is the perfect human diet for homo sapiens to stay healthy.
The best thing to happen to season 2 was the writer's strike, it put the season out of its misery!  With that the producers decided to cancel the rest of the season and try again next year.The cliffhanger from season 1 was not even delt with until most viewers stopped watching.Oh, this second season was PAINFUL to watch!  My co-workers dropped out after only 4 episodes. I recorded the show so that I could fast forward through, hoping it would get back on track.  It never did, I kept fast forwarding through the entire season.Season 1 was great, never to be equaled by season 2.  Maybe season 3 will be better, if anyone is still watching.  It is sad to see the hottest show of 2006 go down in flames in 2007.
Have watched this series from the beginning.  Enjoyed the series more when it moved to Alaska highway, good characters, etc.and watching them maneuver the Dalton is fascinating.  Switching back and forth from Canada to Alaska to get previous characters kicked out of Canada is a bore.  Showing more of the antagonism than the courtesy which was highlighted in the beginning shows now.
I haven't really been able to get into Season 2 of the Starter Wife. They have replaced the &#34;Kenny's&#34; character ex-husband on show with a new guy that is much cuter.. (just not believable in the role of the obnoxious ex-husband/Hollywood enterainment mogul). The show is okay... just not as good as Season 1.
I wanted to like this show, but the cliche &#34;woman&#34; doesn't know anything about football&#34; to the overuse of curse words just made watching this extremely uncomfortable. The Plot ok, the jokes &#34;meh&#34;, and usual/ completely obvious twists made this boring. Definitely made for a younger, immature, sexiest, and uneducated audience.
I watched and read this book (the first of a series) to see if it was too inappropriate for my 13 year old niece.  It is a little more raunchy (especially the book) than I would prefer for a 13 year old.  But I would think a young woman at the end of high school or beginning of college might appreciate this level of teen angst.  The areas where the girls have to deal with heavy kissing and groping are the areas that I felt were a bit too much for my niece.  But it does not overpower the whole book.  I found the book and movie rather funny, and I think I will recommend it for her in a few years.
This show is a little too politically slanted to the left for my taste. It always has been a little bit but especially in the last three years it has totally become political with the supposed stories not based on real life events. Great disclaimer, doesn't make it true.
If this is all that there is I am upset It is only five episodes long and I was hoping for more.
All the parts were there for a truly fine series.  Good actors awesome budget...  well ok maybe not all the parts.  The story lines while interesting were executed poorly and the special effects just didn't do justice to the show.  What really stuck out to me as unacceptable were the fight scenes.  Jamie Sommers routinely injured people by accident when she forgot her new "strength".  In the fight scenes she couldn't fight here way out of a wet paper bag.  One super punch and the guy gets up not even a bruise, no broken bones nothing.  When she gets hit in her non bionic parts pretty much the same thing.  She can take a punch better than ALI ever could.They say the writers strike condemned this show to one season.  I really doubt that.  I would not purchase a second season.
It was a self indulgent vapid display of every thing that's wrong with modern entertainment. It tried so hard to be clever and hip that it wound up being neither.It has potential I in that there was obviously talented players.
&#34;Southland&#34; is one of my fav new dramas.  The season 5 premiere seemed a little flat - maybe it will pick up.
The only thing that kept me from making this a one star was the fact that two of the actresses were well played and well cast.  That being Constance Wu and Bebe Neuwirth.  Other than those two, the cast was simply stupid.  Most of the songs were ridiculousness and the direction of the show was like a wet washcloth.If you don't like stupid comedy skip this one, or rather watch it and rate it so junk like this doesn't get made.
I thought the idea was interesting, but I guess the humor was more amusing than funny to me. Maybe having the episode fully Animated could help a bit. I did find the Voice acting to be very good however.
The &#34;found footage&#34; approach worked as a novelty in The Blair Witch Project.  Once was enough.  This one appears to imitate that style.  We could not enjoy the shaky amateur photography used in such films.  For that reason, we watched only ten or fifteen minutes of this one before moving on to something else.  In fairness, it may have had some good points, but we did not stay to find them.
Excellent acting but usual predictable plot line. Predictable. Could be more edgy I think compared to things like soprano etc.
I like MOB movies/shows. If this show didn't have that, I probably would only give this review 2 or maybe 1 star. There are too many flaws that make this show predictable.I.E. - Someone needs to get some info from an office so they place gum on the lock so the latch on the door won't catch. They then wait for the secretary to leave and close up the office. You can clearly see that the doors are glass and has a keyed lock. The doors cannot lock unless with a key. But when she leaves she just lets the doors close and doesn't lock them with a key.Every episode is about a murder that has been committed. In real life we know that suspects will lie forever and rarely admit that they did the crime . But when Dennis Quaid gets a suspect, after talking with them for only a minute they openly admit they committed the crime. He actually asks them, &#34;You did it, didn't you&#34;? And they immediately say  &#34;Yes&#34;. WOW!! I guess he solved that one.Plus, this takes place in the 1960's. And like every other show on TV today, God forbid if we blame a minority for anything. Same with this show. The minority's are always misunderstood and never do anything wrong and the whites are at fault for everything.Don't get me wrong, I am NOT saying that white's don't do anything bad; it's just that TV shows are so afraid to blame anyone else BUT white's because certain minority's will get offended.Get real.
I am SHOCKED that this show has such high ratings.  I'm a fan of sci-fi and will generally give sci-fi shows plenty of lattitude.However, this is one of those shows where the characters are all annoying and annoyingly stupid (minus the black guy who seems to be the only person that has a clue).  Everyone else is so self absorbed, incompetent and oblivious to the situation that I wouldn't have cared if a giant UFO crashed on them and the show ended.  The show almost comes off as a comedy due to the stupidity of the characters and the ridiculous scenes.  Probably one of the worst pilots I've seen in a long time.  Unless the objective is to make the viewer hate the main characters.***spoiler alert***-Hey I'm a cop and I have my cop car but I can't drive it through the gate in the garage...for...no...reason.-Hey I'm a cop but I give up my weapon at the first sign of danger...for...no...reason.-Hey the black guy found a car jack to jack up the gate but we can't do the same in a garage full of cars...for...no...reason.-Hey let's hang off the back of the ambulance while driving through a mob...for...no...reason.-Hey a mob just tried to attack us so let's going to go skinny dipping...for...no...reason.The ridiculous scenes go on and on...
Very ordinary. I wasn't impressed at all with the trailer at all. Characters were  not compelling, nor was the plot.
I'm glad I watched this film without reading any of these reviews, because it seems like a huge portion of them give away a reveal that forms a huge chunk of the ending's impact. I'm sure most of these reviewers will argue that the information they reveal is obvious or not a big deal, but I wholeheartedly disagree. I only watched the trailer and read a two sentence summary of the film's premise before deciding to watch, and neither of those gave away the secret. Likewise, I didn't figure out where the movie was headed until the final frame, and I'm a pretty astute viewer, if I say so myself. If I HAD known where the movie was headed -- a fact that 90% of these reviews give away -- then I would have enjoyed the film a lot less. Even then, I only thought it was so-so.The plot concerns a young woman named Samantha. Alone at a party (her girlfriend isn't returning her calls), Samantha meets a strange man named BJ, with whom she ends up having sex (not all that consciously or consensually). The next day, Samantha discovers that she is sick with an illness that begins to have devastating effects on her body and mind.Very much a gross-out film without a whole lot in the way of plot, the emotional thrust of the movie lies in Samantha's struggle to cope with what she quickly realizes is a life-threatening illness. It's a concern that's easy to relate to, what with diseases being silent, invisible, constantly mutating, and transmittable in a variety of ways. There are some truly disturbing moments, many of which just barely cross the line into maybe a little too much. Still, the effect is profound and probably intentionally so.The biggest problem is that every single person in this film is a horrible and annoying person. Samantha is a bit of a whiner, and although it's really hard to believe that she would experience this without once checking herself into a hospital, it's easy -- as a viewer -- to chalk that up to whatever mental tolls the illness is taking on her. Less understandable are the responses of literally every other person she encounters, whether it's her aggressively obnoxious girlfriend, the love-struck loser boy who pines after her from afar, her shrill and unforgiving mom (who is the victim of either horrible make-up or a disturbing amount of plastic surgery), or even the quasi-judgmental doctor who tells her to put moisturizer on what he calls a &#34;rash.&#34; I don't know about you, but when my blood vessels turn black, I call that necrosis, and not a &#34;rash.&#34;The point being that everyone in this film is either incredibly stupid, self-absorbed, vile, or some combination of all three. Any normal, decent human seeing a person in Samantha's condition would immediately call 911 for her. The people in this film, however, resort mostly to telling her that she looks like crap. Or curling their lips and saying &#34;gross.&#34; Her idiot mom assumes she's doing drugs. Because, yeah, drugs turn your lips into chocolate pudding and give you bloody cataracts. Overnight.The film doesn't have a lot of answers for its viewers, which is fine, since the ending reveals that this is about a specific kind of journey with a specific destination. That destination is old-hat for most film-goers these days, so the movie is clever in that it gives a behind-the-curtain look at a trope that has become standard scary movie fare. Unfortunately, it could've used a bit more meat on its conclusion, even just to give the audience time to process what they've seen.All in all, this is one of the better indie films I've seen recently -- there are so many bad ones out there. It could've stood for better characters, stronger dialogue, and a more cohesively plotted story, but it works decently for what it wants to be. If anything, it'll give you a new appreciation for your own health.
I am not sure what this feature had to do with the rest of the series. The previous infections were clearly viral while this infection seems to have something to do with fallen angels.The film opens with a wedding and the hand held camera genre. One of the film makers is a professional photographer who has a device to steady his camera. Without this device the camera jerks around making the film "unwatchable." During the reception an unexplained zombie infestation breaks out as uncle swan dives from the balcony. This localized zombie infestation spreads to the wedding party and soon the bride (Leticia Dolera) and groom (Diego Mart&iacute;n) have memories for a lifetime.These zombies are semi-intelligent, semi-foot dragging, and respond to scripture spoken in Spanish. Their faces are cover with indelible blood that stays on in a heavy down pour. The film genre has moved from a suspenseful hand held film to a campy bloody zombie slasher complete with the bride toting a chainsaw. Oh the things we do for love. I guess it is what you are into. "Rec" fans will surly hate it while fans of campy zombie films have another one for the marathon.Parental Guide: F-bombs correctly spelled out for the kids, implied sex scene, a distant nude scene plus some weird mirror horror nudity. And of course blood, and dismembered body parts approaching Troma style.
3.3 starsThe extras here feature various cast etc saying that they were going for Gladiator-but-bloodier here. They got mostly the blood, as this lacks much of Gladiator's feel and vision. What it does have is buckets of CGI blood spurting from every wound!The blu-ray is so clear that the crazy amounts of blood are silly enough, but then they had to make them even more crimson in post? Ridiculous and really b-movie in a bad way, often negating some occasionally decent performances. West is good, but I just can't stop from thinking "McNulty with a sword!" every time I see him.Perhaps far too accurate in some ways, Centurion is for those who like their films to look like video games, blood and guts and all. I prefer some subtlety and suggestion over rampant naked gore, but each to their own.A must-see for serious slash and hack fans in any case.
It was funny.  Not amazing funny, but funny enough.  It has potential, but that potential is equitable with the concern that it will burn out after a few episodes.  I could watch another episode or two, but I imagine this will get old fast.  I'd recommend a 5 episode order.  If people still want to watch it after 5 episodes, then maybe it has legs.
As most people find themselves rooting for the underdog, a couple who are Russian spies in the U.S.  I can't root, nor watch this, I'm in conflict over the fact that I'm an American.  I'm caught between rooting for the FBI guy to catch the couple and the couple.  Wouldn't recommend any American to watch it.
couldn't hold my attention, overuse of graphic violence killed the storyline which might have been good given the era of the story
"I would have done anything to be with you, however insane." Djuna (Baume) lives a lonely life. Only going out at night and mainly renting movies that she watches by herself. She has a huge beautiful house but the only person that visits is her housekeeper. One night at the video store she meets Paolo (Ventimigilia) but is afraid to talk to him. When he persists she reveals her secret to him. Djuna is a vampire. Both lives are changed forever. I have to admit that I am not a vampire movie fan at all, mainly because of the Twilight movies. This one has more of an Interview With A Vampire feel with the sexual aspect of True Blood. The movie had a very classy, almost operatic feel to it which really helped the movie. This is not a teen geared vampire movie, but it's also not Dracula either. If you are looking for something in the middle then this is for you. If you are a vampire movie fan you will enjoy this. I thought it was OK, but again I am not a big fan of this genre. Overall, if you liked Interview With A Vampire then you will most likely enjoy this one too. I give it a B-.
If you do not have ovaries, you will completely miss any appeal this show has, and I hope you are only watching it to get into the pants of someone with ovaries who happens to be a fan. Completely from the female point of view, this show does nothing more than highlight to the rest of the world that "men" in America are nothing more than feminized ideals brought about by our guilt that we are somehow responsible for women not having penises. It is a complete failure even in its attempts mock itself. The actors are all on their way out of the Hollywood meat-grinder and they know it and are not afraid to let the desperation seep into their performances. You'd just as well watch several Old Navy commercials back to back, at least then you might see some celebs of note.
Thought it could be good in theory, but just didn't find myself caring about his kids, which I assume would be a big part of the show. It isn't that it was poorly acted, just that they aren't interesting.  As he said, they are a bunch of people that only care about themselves.  I get enough of that in the real world.  Could use at least one kid that is nurturing or nice.
On one hand, the editing and the cinematography (by Quentin Dupieux) are fabulous.  On the other hand, the screenplay and the direction (by Quentin Dupieux) are dreadful.  Someone should have been fired.This is a movie about a gimmick, played as a gimmick, that doesn't succeed because it is a gimmick that's stretched to its limits and beyond.  Once the premise is set down there's nowhere for this movie to go.  It's a joke that tells you it's a joke.  In fact, it informs you of this straight off and just in case you "didn't get it," they repeat the explanation during the closing credits.  It's been my experience that if something has to be identified as a joke and you don't laugh, repeating it as such isn't going to help.The best parts of this movie involve the tire (Robert) on its own.  The worst parts are when they involve people through a faux audience watching the proceedings and commenting on what they're watching, and a squad of police trying to stop the tire from its reign of terror.  It's sad to say, but the tire gives the best and most realistic performance.
This isn't quite a rom-com because there really isn't much going on that is funny, but it's not really a drama. It's two people trying to work out their lives together.Here's the scoop. Tim (Chris Messina) is a street performer who's girl just took a hike. Janice (Jenna Fischer) just lost her job because she's not personable enough. So she's living with her sister and brother-in-law till she gets squared away. Her sister is pushing jer into a relationship with an obnoxious author (Topher Grace) of self help type books. Happenstance lands both Janice and Tim jobs at the local zoo where a relationship starts between them. Will they find themselves, love and happiness?This struck me as a shrewd exercise in casting. Chris Messina is always good and very easy in front of the camera. He doesn't disappoint here. But Too many of the other characters seemed to be here because of their success in other currently notable shows. Fischer from "The Office." Rich Sommer from "Madmen." Bob Odenkirk form "Breaking Bad." It all seemed a bit too calculated. Anyway....this is all just okay. Fischer is supposed to be someone trying to find herself an her place in the world but the way she's written she comes off as being dull and dull witted. Her hidden talent (which was wedged in with a crowbar) comes out of the blue. And Messina, who you like as a person, seems to have no particular talent at all. His one saving grace is that he works to evolve his Giant Mechanical Man street character and does succeed at it. Too much of what happens in the film seems too pat. It were as though they needed to take a little of this and put it here and a little of that and put it there. One crucial scene, where things come to a head between Fischer and her sister was clunky. It was written, acted and directed poorly. I like Jenna Fischer. She's just a super doll, but I think we've seen everything she can do in "The Office." She didn't have the gravity to pull it off.This is a decent enough watch. It won't change your life, but you like these people and root for them. That's a good enough reason to see it.
Didn't really like the beginning and how the boy talked to his mom.  It seemed somewhat educational but I am not sure I would let my kids watch it.  I probably rather them watch Super WHY, Dora, or Diego.
&#34;Some prayed for help. Many wished for death. But in the city forever lost, the greatest secret still waits&#34; Milo (Harington) was just a boy when his parents were killed in a raid on his city and sold into slavery. While on his way to the city of Pompeii to take part in gladiator fights he sees and instantly falls in love with Cassia (Browning), a wealthy merchants daughter.  She feels the same about him but they must hide their feelings. What starts off as a gladiator fight for survival against other warriors becomes a fight against mother nature when the mighty volcano blows. He will stop at nothing to find a way to escape the city with Cassia. I have to admit I was not looking forward to seeing this at all. I am not a big fan of gladiator movies at all. I don't know why but I have never found them interesting. That said I did like the movie much more then I expected to. The movie in a way is like Pearl Harbor to me. The first half is a cookie cutter love story and the second half is one long action sequence. I will admit that the eruption effects were really neat, especially in 3D but for better or worse that's what the movie should really be seen for. Even though it's nothing amazing it was much better then I heard and I expected. Overall, a movie worth watching if you want to see stuff blow up and people fight. That said it is pretty entertaining and I'm glad I watched it. I give this a B.
...it is addicting. It is an unfortunate sociological study into the ramifications of poverty and the tragic situations that result.
I do not like  many musicals. The idea of people singing will at work all day. Is stupid. Thumbs down on this one.
Stayed through the cringeworthy player cutting scene with Affion Crockett. The cutaways to the FOX analysts was just dumb. Hayes MacArthur was inspired casting but that's about the best I can say for this. I'd rather see Natalie Zea in Californication.
Not particularly good. Looks like flash animation and not that good. The dialog is bad. It sounds like the two women doing the voice acting just read the script while it was recorded. I think it is supposed to be about two sassy street smart girls, but it comes across as one wannabe and one not so smart. Overall, just bad.
I love that Amazon took a chance with something like this.  I hate how bored I was.  5 minutes in I didn't have one chuckle one hint of anything funny.  The characters introduced at that point were boring.  I love Jeffrey Tambor too.  This show just doesn't work.  I have no problem with the idea of a family dealing with their father being Transexual.  This is really just about the writing (god awful), the pacing, etc.I thought this would be the best comedy of the 3, only to find out it was the worst.  While the one I thought would be worst was best.  If this gets made, it will show that the people behind it must have some good blackmail.
In comparison with much of what is available in the way of westerns, this is a minimally acceptable series.  The plot is interesting, the actors moderately competent, and the set designs and photography convincing.  Obviously, this series is a milksop imitation of Deadwood.  Deadwood was a ten; Wheels is a five.  Unforgivably, the depictions of Native American culture are offensive.  Such caricatures would be expected in a 1940's John Wayne oater but are both atavistic and ridiculous in modern productions.Still, there is enough of interest in Wheels to warrant viewing (if nothing better is available and one is relatively desperate for escapism).
I read the other reviews before writing my own.  The interesting thing is the case was solved.  It would be great if the episode was amended to include the rest of the case.  The &#34;psychics&#34; were basically dead wrong, and the police were right all along.  If the detective had found the lost tip, instead of wasting time with these &#34;psychics&#34;, the case might have been solved sooner.  To read about the case, just google &#34;Susannah Chase murder&#34;.
I read a lot of comics as a boy including all about SHIELD.  This show about SHILD is bad on many labels.  First off I would like to mention the racist stuff.  The first episode we have a African American dude who gets some super powers and unlike many marvel people who get powers (Peter Parker, Dr. Strange etc.) he deciders to be a criminal.  So the black guy becomes a criminal, SHIELD catches him and later in the show he wants to be an agent and in one episode with him he is told that his strength scores are not even close to "Captain America's" even though he did something far more amazing than Captiain America has ever done on screen and then later in the show he is burned alive and then made a slave.Also lets talk about the asian lady (Melinda May) who is actually expressionless.  Remember all the asian stereotypes of asian people in comics where they were said to be alien and expressionless where here you go.  The stereotype in the flesh and boring as ever.Next lets go to the hot hacker lady that does not act, speak or even look like a hacker or even a stereotyped hacker.  This woman looks like a college student who shops at Bloomingdales.  She never talks about commuters and used no hacker references in her speech.  Most miscast person on the show.Then there is our white knight Brett who brings no conflict or drama to the show in any way and if his character would die I would never know or care.The scientist are actually great.  Elizabeth is hot is a geeky way and actually acts like a science nerd.  Brett does the same and personally if they unsolved J August Richards I would be thrilled for a show just about these three characters.The leader of the gang is Phil Coulson played by Clark Gregg from the avengers movie. I like him as a character but in no way do I think he could make it as a SHIELD agent.  He holds a gun way to timidly unlike Sam Jackson or even boring Melinda or Brett.Then the Captain America movie happens and strangely everything changes.  The actors get a huge crazy complicated plot and way better lines.  Everything gets way way better.  So much better that I will not spoil anything.  So I do think the early episodes are slow and lacking and good to listen to if you are doing house work but when the Cap America Movie Winter Soldier movie happens drop what you are doing and grab the popcorn!
Here's the deal:  I love Falling Skies.  Season 1 was great and Season 2 took an interesting turn, but I really enjoyed it.  In fact, I kept telling my friends who're into sci-fi like me to watch this series ASAP.  But then my fervor for FS decreased once Season 3 came and finished.  Don't get me wrong, there are a few great moments in this season, but I have to say it's overall disappointing.  What direction are they taking this series to?  Are the Volm really good or not?  Are they freedom fighters?  Or imperialists?  At this point, I've vested too much time (and heart) to stop watching, so I'll be back for S4 next year and will hope that they don't mess up this good show.
I love sci-fi, but the storyline here is unimaginative, feels hokey, the characters feel shallow & made for tv.  There's nothing enjoyable about this show after the initial dome scenes.
Not very funny movie.  Glad it was free. That's what it was worth.  If not for Chris Rock, 2 stars.
I wish this series had been taken more seriously by National Geographic. This is a subject of intrest to me but they treat it like "oohhh...look at the crazies!".Some of these doomsday preppers are so fat they could simply have a heart attack, while standing up from their chair, die, and feed their families with their bloated remains for several weeks. One of the grotesquely obese slobs says he has a 1 year supply of food for 7 people, which equals to one weekend at his house. Some of these people are just a bit out there (although I believe in prep to an extent) but the monstrous blobs are just ridiculous. They would be dead in the first few days of the disaster they prepare from, just because of their physical condition.
Shocking that this is still on air. Nothing makes sense, the characters are illogical, as are the stories. A waste of some talented actors and not an opportunity for others who just can't get their acting chops together.
This is nasty pure trash. Humans should not treat others this way. It is thoroughly not enjoyable. please trash it.
South Park is a great TV series, one of the alltime best.  The DVD's of the series are somewhat less.  Many of them have the irritating founders of the series with mindless spoofs that you can't skip over.  Worse, this set, among others, has some DVD diskette problems that make the playback freeze-up just when you are enjoying a scene.  Disappionting
I didn't mind so much that the animation was only partly finished. And there were some good voice talents in this (although perhaps not directed all that well), however, the writing was just sub-par. Wanted to like it, but could not care less about the characters, the story, the premise, or the presentation.
Oh no, "Ancient Aliens" again. The *fifth* season?! How many silly seasons can there possibly be? And all the true believer reviewers again! "Lots of cool facts". Geezus. Good people, there are arguably *no* true facts in this series *at all*.True to form, I've only watched one episode, "The Von Daniken Legacy". I admit that I hate Erich von D&auml;niken. His ideas or "question marks" about aliens visiting Earth in ancient times (in pyramid-like UFOs, to boot) must be *the* worst superstition ever spawned. Homeopathy and reductionist materialism, come back, all is forgiven! D&auml;niken's "theories" are so remarkably ridiculous in a kind of inimitable folksy style, with the main protagonist playing the role of fat German bar-owner spewing "common sense", that they almost make me weep! The fact that I used to believe in ancient aliens myself only ads insult to the injury. OK, I was only eleven at the time, but hell, I'm a perfectionist.And yes, I need to chill and have a candy bar, I know...OK, I'm back. Has "Ancient Aliens" become any better during my coffee break? Well...no. So here goes!I'm not necessarily opposed to rejected knowledge claims (avid readers of my reviews, all two of them, may have noticed a certain soft spot for Bigfoot and...ahem...John Michael Greer), but D&auml;niken's speculations really are annoying and extremely unsophisticated. D&auml;niken, a romantic adventurer of the classical kind, has no formal training in archaeology, anthropology or comparative mythology I'm aware of. Yet, he goes around the world, see mysterious stone structures, declare them "impossible" and...voil&aacute;, this proves that aliens built them! The magnificent stone structures at Puma Punku in Bolivia are declared "impossible", when a more reasonable hypothesis is that they *aren't* impossible at all - I mean, they are there, aren't they, and they are made out of sandstone, not moon rock. That the local Natives can't build them, and point to the sky as explanation for who did, leads D&auml;niken to conclude that...well, aliens did it. It's all so breathtakingly simple.Another example is Lord Pakal at Palenque in Mexico, debunked at least 10,000+ times, but still going strong. If looked at horizontally and with some creative imagination, the lid of Pakal's tomb looks like a guy manning a space rocket. If looked at vertically, using scholarly knowledge of Mayan mythology and iconography, the magnificent artwork shows Pakal being symbolically sacrificed. But no, D&auml;niken's folksy immediate impression simply must be true, or else no ratings for History Channel...Indeed, it's precisely the populist style, pitting independent researcher against the scientific establishment, which explains part of D&auml;niken's appeal. D&auml;niken is our "audience substitute". While everything you read in peer-reviewed journals isn't necessarily true, there *is* a reason why archaeologists need formal training, not just the ability to run around inside megalithic monuments gasping at the sheer "impossibility" of it all. There is another salient feature of the ancient astronaut milieu, too, one D&auml;niken is at pains to explicitly deny in this documentary. D&auml;niken says he hasn't formed a new religion. In a purely formal sense, he is right. He is *attacking* religion by a modern form of euhemerism, in which the gods are explained away in "naturalist" fashion as space travellers in nuts-and-bolts craft. What D&auml;niken doesn't want to see, but what surely almost everyone else spotted long ago, is that the belief in ancient astronauts is *in effect* a new kind of religion. At the very least, D&auml;niken is offering the masses a potent substitute for religion. The large amount of spiritual types who have climbed onboard the fiery chariot surely shows what we are dealing with. As for D&auml;niken himself, he even claims that the aliens created us and will return one day! Thus, he is specifically tailoring his speculations to an audience used to the *Christian* religion. I don't think Taoists, Shintoists or the Dogon in Mali eagerly awaits "the return of the gods"...Claude Vorhillon and his Ralians are the most obvious example of how "ancient aliens" can be turned into a religion (a religion which claims to be materialist, in fact). In their case, the quasi-Biblical traits are very obvious. Zecheriah Sitchin is another example of a person forming what is really a new religious movement around ideas presumably inspired by D&auml;niken's. And D&auml;niken himself? Isn't he really the exoteric attractor of the new creed, its Aaron so to speak? If you take the bait, I'm sure more "esoteric" people are waiting in the wings. I've heard that the Ancient Astronaut Society, which started as a D&auml;nikenite fan club, ended up as a New Age group. Thus, paradoxically the appeal of D&auml;niken's message could be seen as a combination of both populist anti-science and elitist "hidden knowledge", both modern irreligion and post-modern religion. An interesting object for a comparative religion study, I'm sure! These people don't understand that *they* are the ones that should be placed under the sociological and psychological microscope...The religious/Meaning aspect is surely the reason why so many people are oblivious to the (easily spotted) contradictions in D&auml;niken's books. How can aliens (that's *aliens*, for heaven's sake!) breed true with humans? If they can, why has no alien DNA been found in our gene pool? (Albert Einstein doesn't count.) Why would aliens need to build stone structures at Puma Punku, if they have super-advanced technology light years ahead of us? Why aren't there any *real* traces of a high technological civilization in India, if the Vedic peoples interacted with aliens? D&auml;niken's supporters point to "mysteriously" charred stone walls as evidence for ancient A-bombs, making you wonder why the bombs didn't obliterate the whole town, rather than just charring its walls...Seriously, should I continue?Are there real, unsolved mysteries in the universe? Oh, definitely. You already know which ones: where do we come from, why are we here, where are we going... And why *this* fun house of a planet? I'm willing to contemplate the erroneousness of materialism, the existence of Spirit, even one or two paranormal phenomena (although hopefully not on my favourite Swiss hotel). But literal, flesh-and-blood (or green jelly) aliens scaring the living daylights out of Moses, breeding true with female ape-men, and erecting stone structures of a suspiciously-looking human provenance all around the globe just for their higher amusement (and ours?)...naaaah. It's bad archaeology, bad anthropology, bad comparative religion, and - when push comes to shove - probably even bad spirituality.Erich von D&auml;niken and his fiery chariots is a legacy I would rather loose. One star.
Joss Whedon has done a lot of terrific TV projects and I continuously wish him a lot of work and success. This is not one of those unfortunately, and I suggest it will probably not make it to a second season, and definitely not past 2 seasons.The fatal flaw is the casting. The lead actor Clark Gregg who plays Poulson just doesn't have enough charisma to anchor a show. Additionally, he can't pull off the Whedon voice. The sarcasm and irony are awkward on him.  The second fatal casting flaw can be summed up in three words that are synonymous with untalented actor: Ming. Na. Wen.  Ming Na-Wen is a so thoroughly untalented actor that she could not even convincingly portray an over-the-hill Chinese actress.  Maybe, and I stress MAYBE, she could convincingly portray a dead body, but likely only with the help of a heavy sedative.
This series has no action and mostly consists of the characters being immature retards. This show is not funny, the animation is terrible, The writing is horrible and the showitself is just horrible. I would not recommend you waste your money on this horrible tv show.
In "Maniac," Elijah Wood plays the (perhaps Ed Gein-inspired) scalping serial killer, but you don't see much of him in this remake of a 1980 American cult horror film. The new film is shot in a first person POV style for the most part of it, and the face of Elijah Wood's character Frank Zito can be seen only in reflections.Directed by Franck Khalfoun ("P2" "Wrong Turn at Tahoe") and co-written by Alexandre "High Tension" Aja (with Gr&eacute;gory Levasseur), "Maniac" manages to create some stomach churning moments, thanks to the blood and gore special effects, but not much suspense because of the uninspired direction heavily reliant on the gimmicky narrative.What is really impressive about the remake is the nice, Giorgio Moroder-like soundtrack music that is worth listening to, even if you are not particularly interested in horror genre. As to the film itself, it is a typical case of style over substance. I know the director just wanted to get into the killer's mind, but please, not in this way.
Season Four of STARGATE ATLANTIS was the series at its best, in large part because the show shifted the emphasis away from episodic, standalone episodes, to serial, long story arc episodes.  Season Five, however, shifted increasingly back to the episodic format.  There were some longer story arcs, but sadly most of the episodes were standalone.  This isn't to say that there weren't some good individual episodes, but the show lacked the narrative cohesion that drove the previous season and made it so enjoyable.As with Season Four, a significant number of the best episodes involved the wraith Todd, as Dr. Keller created a genetic modification made it possible for wraiths to subsist on regular human food.  There were hints from time to time that this was leading to a dramatic realignment among the wraith, but this was never pushed to its logical conclusion.  This was symptomatic of the entire season, with a lack of story arcs that would bring the series to any kind of overall conclusion.  Given that they knew well before the end of the season that the series was not going to be renewed, one would have hoped for a better send off.In the end, the series was a show with a lot of unrealized potential.  They had a great concept with Atlantis, the Ancients, and the Wraiths, but the show was hurt by a failure to write strong long story arcs and by some weaknesses in the cast.  Joe Flanigan and David Hewlett were marvelous as Col. Sheppherd and Rodney McKay, but too few in the rest of the cast came up to their level, and most of the other characters were either weakly written or never really developed to the degree that one might have wished.  Still, the series as a whole did provide a good viewing experience.  I think five seasons is about the right number for most shows.  Most shows decline somewhat after that many seasons.  While ATLANTIS was not as interesting in Season Five as in earlier seasons, it hadn't gone on so long that it became unlikable.  And at its best, the show was a lot of fun, with some very good viewing moments.  And The Wraiths have to go down on the short list of the great bad guys in TV history.
It just wasn't that interesting and seemed to rely on soap operaish drama queen style drama.More huh?  Real stinky.
Beth (Rebecca Hall) is a dreamer. Moving from her Southern roots to Vegas with dreams of stepping up in life and becoming a cocktail waitress (yes that is her initial ambition) she moves into a low rent motel where she makes friends who give her another option. Rather than be manhandled all day they send her to Dink (Bruce Willis), a professional gambler who bets on any and everything.Dink Inc. is a business where the odds are always manipulated by the placing of bets in legal form. Not only does this pay Dink well but it helps take care of those who are working for him as well. With a head for numbers, Beth is a natural and soon Dink Inc. is doing well and Beth with it. Now all she has to do is get past Tulip (Catherine Zeta-Jones).Tulip is Dink's wife and to say she is jealous is an understatement. Then again there have been times when her jealousy was well founded. As Beth begins to fall for Dink and attempt to sway him, Tulip steps in and puts an end to it. Beth loses her job, meets a young man named Jeremy (Joshua Jackson) and its love at first sight. With no reason to stay she plans on going back to New York with Jeremy when he leaves. But Dink is in a slump of bad luck and he thinks Beth was his good luck charm so he convinces her to come back.Beth's return doesn't increase Dink's luck any more than the rising sun. Within days he tosses her and his whole team out again. Unwilling to wait around another day, Beth heads to New York and Jeremy. Once there she contacts Rosie (Vince Vaughan), a low life illegal bookie she met through Dink, and helps him run his business. Plans are to set up in the Caribbean where gambling is legal with Beth running the show. As always, things don't go as planned.Soon Beth finds herself and Jeremy with the possibility of going to jail on federal gambling charges. Rosie is no help, a self centered low life who could care less who gets hurt, something Dink warned Beth about when she first met Rosie. Back on top with Tulip convinced there was never anything going on with Beth or the chance that it will, Dink and Tulip head to New York in an attempt to save the day.The movie is directed by Stephen Frears who made THE GRIFTERS, THE QUEEN and DANGEROUS LIASONS. With those titles to his credit, expectations for this film are high. Unfortunately they don't come close to those other films. That's not to say this film isn't interesting or even fun, but don't have high expectations and you might just enjoy it.The film is well made and looks top of the line in the production values area. For not being hyped as the hottest thing out of Hollywood, Hall turns in a worthwhile performance and makes her naive character quite believable. Zeta-Jones does a great job as well in a role that doesn't require her to exude sex non-stop for once. Best of all is Willis who gets the chance to play a character that doesn't shoot anyone or blow things up. Sometimes people forget what a good actor he actually is.While this film isn't Oscar material it does offer a nice evening's entertainment. Based on the memoirs of the real Beth, it might even stir up enough interest in her story to sell a few books. If not it will at least encourage a trip to the library.
Was okay not the worst thing on TV..can see how it could be funny but other wise I was waiting for it to be over.
If you are one of those who believes in the &#34;Rapture&#34;, when the Antichrist comes to rule over us, then put on your bulletproof suit and get ready for some mean spirited raucous satire. This film portrays the A/C as a flashy, overweight, sex addicted man, who prefers to be know as &#34;Beast&#34;. Add the constant plagues of bloody rain, frogs and huge meteorites crushing people, and you get a sense of where this plot is headed. It's a fun 90 minutes of bad language and worse screenwriting-but this one could become a cult classic.
A family that seemed cursed lost 4 of its 5 members. Years later, a new family of 5 moves into their house and things quickly start going bad.  Decent  story if nothing new.
Well the magic of season one and two is definitely gonebut one of the only sitcoms that (I believe)  has ever been created and aired(FOX somehow allowed this through the cracks of their filthy minds and it became popular before they could yank it andby that time greed set in and they just let it run)that has a good moral center, healthy attitudes and a person could actually allow children to watch andnot worry about having them taught lies theft murder and perversion.
The first few episodes are interesting, but then it becomes repetitive. Not a bad show, just to much of the same for me.
I was excited to view the series when it first began.  As the weeks progressed I began to lose interest and thought, well theirs only a couple episodes left so I may as well see how it ends.  Inconsistencies occurred more and more. Then the final episode ended&#8230;.but no, not the final one just a teaser for next season.  So, rather than wait I decide to buy the book and quickly discover it doesn't follow the television version. Thus, long before the second season airs I will know not only 'the rest of the story' but the real story.
Very interesting, but presented poorly. Very dry and and uninteresting commentary. Also found it to be very questionable in facts.
It is hard to keep my attention. I've seen so many TV Cop shows they all seem to use the same script with some tweaking. This one did come up with a novel theme. So it was more tolerable and entertaining than many-many others.
didn't care for the flick at all, in fact my whole family had me stop the show about 15 minutes into it.
The show sounded thrilling; however, after watching it, the show seems lackluster.  The show is not thrilling and it lacks any suspense. It tries to have an air of mystery about it but it just doesn't come off very interesting.  Perhaps it is the wooden acting by the three main characters or perhaps it is the directing.  It seemed the mystery came second to a high school love triangle.  I just didn't care for the characters, the relationships and the lack of suspense the "mystery" portions of the show contained.
I watched the first episode, I like the scenery and being in a different country. I just have not had the motivation to go further with this show. It is not terrible like say Sleepy Hollow, and it is far from great like Sopranos. I think if it was free I would watch it more.. Just did not grab me enough to spend some money on more episodes
"Maybe someone hurt me, you ever think of that, maybe someone hurt me." Charles Swan III (Sheen) is having a bad day. His girlfriend just broke up with him and he has a near death experience. When he wakes up in the hospital he begins to go over what happened. This is a very hard movie to review. It was very bizarre but OK. The only real way to review this is that the movie was written and directed by Roman Coppola. While this is his first real movie he has directed he helped to write Moonrise Kingdom and Darjeeling Limited. The movie has a type of a Wes Anderson feel to it so if you like his type of comedy then you will like this. If you don't get or don't like his humor then I would avoid this. That is really the only thing I can say about this movie. Overall, not bad but really made for a specific audience. I give it a B-.
I read all these great comments about "Suits" and figure it must be a great show that I need to start watching. About halfway through the first episode, I almost turn it off. It is not very realistic. It's really not that clever. It's nothing more than an entertaining way to spend 45 minutes. But, I continue on. Make it through the second episode feeling pretty much the same way I did through the first. Partially through the third episode and I'm just not impressed. It's an okay show about a law firm. It's not BAD. I just can't believe so many people are so easy to give five stars to something not that original or not better than all the other ordinary shows out there. I seriously doubt I'll even make it to the fourth episode. Maybe season two is mind blowing and I need to skip ahead.
This stinkeroo is so blatantly bad it will make your teeth hurt.It is incredibly disrespectful to women. It makes no attempt to be historically accurate. WGN should be ashamed to be associated with this project!
1.  Will there ever be a great video game adaptation?The other day, I read on a film blog that Splinter Cell finally grabbed a director (Doug Liman) and lead (Tom Hardy), which gives me hope...but it's really a mind bender that there hasn't ever been a great movie based on a video game.  I mean, some video games have incredible stories and cinematic element, and somehow they just don't transfer well on film.  Now, just reading months back that there would be a Need for Speed film made me roll my eyes, and I wasn't looking at this movie as the 'great hope' for video game to film greatness, but I was hoping that whoever wrote Need for Speed wouldn't treat it's audience like complete morons.2.  Aaron Paul elevates whatever material he's given.If I'm being honest (along with my wife, and probably thousands of others who shelled out their hard earned cash to see Need for Speed), the only reason I went to see this was because of Aaron Paul.  His turn as Jesse Pinkman in Breaking Bad was one of the most gut wrenching, heart pulling performances of all time, and any time I have the opportunity to see him do his thing on screen, I'm going to be there.  He was trying so hard with the material here, and despite the utter crap he's got to say on screen, he still manages to pull it off.  I have to tip my cap to Aaron Paul.  Such a talented actor.3.  They let you play with iPads in military prison.If there's one thing I learned from Need for Speed, it's that they have spare laptops laying around in hospitals and iPads in the brig.  At one point, a character is in a MILITARY PRISON, and casually asks a female guard (who clearly isn't interested) for an iPad to follow his buddy during an illegal race on what must be a cleverly designed app (found easily on the App store, I'm sure) - either that or it's just a website that anyone could hop onto and follow the race (paying attention, cops?).  So what does she do?  She grabs an iPad from the ol' Army surplus of iPads and connects to the Wi-Fi (again, in military jail) so that he can fist pump while his friend blows through traffic.4.  The racing scenes were awesome.The plot was so dumb, and makes absolutely no sense.  However, if you're going to see Need for Speed, you're really going for two reasons - Aaron Paul and the car chases, and let me tell you...the racing scenes delivered.  The roar of the engine, the skidding of tires, the exotic cars, they all looked beautiful.  They were shot amazingly and the lack of CGI really showed.  There was a great amount of effort into making the car scenes as cool as they were, and it paid off.  And that Mustang...that Mustang...it really made me miss mine.5.  This plot was so dumb, and makes absolutely no sense.Yeah, this is a car movie, but it's still a movie, right?  Up until our hero gets out of prison, I was with this plot.  Sure, the dialogue was hokey, and everyone on Aaron Paul's racing team came across as if they wanted to date him, but I was with it.  Then, it went completely off the rails.  When he gets out of prison, his plan is to enter this super secret race to get revenge against Dominic Cooper's villain character.  Exactly how though?  At this point, he doesn't even know if Cooper is in said race (and actually, he wasn't at that point).  Somewhere in there, the villain also enters the race, because he runs a failing auto dealership and needs a few more cars?  Also, can we address the fact that Kid Cudi plays a pilot who can fly anything...and does?  He randomly shows up in planes, news helicopters and at one point, an Apache, like he calmly goes to a rent-a-whateveryouneedforthisscene, and there he is, in the sky without difficulty.  Or Michael Keaton's character, who apparently puts this race on every year, who just broadcasts everything from his living room and is never caught...because...why?  This script really goes the extra 3,000 miles to insult the audience with stupidity.If you're looking for a movie where you need to check your brain at the door...or completely chuck it out of a McLaren going 200mph, this is the movie for you.  My suggestion?  Wait until it hits Netflix and fast forward through the garbage that isn't car racing.
While I found a lot of the subjects interesting, I thought the film was seriously slow and boring. I like documentaries and even though this one starts out promising, it quickly gets old and really doesn't give us much insight on the subjects at hand. In other words, it doesn't do what it set out to do. Instead of raising awareness, interest and answering questions, it just has you reaching for the off button on your remote! Read the book, you'll be much better off.
Great set of players but the introduction of former &#34;stars&#34; tainted it greatly. Boston Rob showed the world what true lies and deceit can do. This made me see the show no longer as a game but as real life played out.
I've watched this show from the very beginning and liked it a lot.  This season did not hold my attention for even 2 episodes.  It's so boring.
From the director Jim Field Smith ("She's Out of My League", "School of Horrors") and writer Jason A. Micallef comes an ensemble comedy known as Butter.Featuring a talented cast which includes Jennifer Garner ("Alias", "Juno", "Daredevil"), Ty Burrell ("Modern Family", "The Incredible Hulk", "National Treasure: Book of Secrets"), Ashley Greene ("Twilight" films), Hugh Jackman ("X-Men" films, "The Prestige", "Les Miserables"), Olivia Wilde ("TRON: Legacy", "House M.D.", "The Change-Up"), Alicia Silverstone ("Clueless", "Batman & Robin", "Vamp") and Kristen Schaal ("Toy Story 3&#8243;, "Shrek Forever After", "Dinner for Schmucks", "The Muppets").VIDEO, AUDIO & SUBTITLES:"Butter" is presented in anamorphic widescreen 2:35:1 and in English Dolby Digital 5.1.  It's important to note that any one wanting the best video and audio quality will want to purchase the Blu-ray release of "Butter".  But on DVD, picture quality for this film looks very good.  Colors are really good and I didn't detect any excessive artifacts or any problematic issues during my viewing of the film.  Audio quality is good as one can expect for a dialogue driven-film.  There is some ambiance use of the surround channels.Subtitles are in English SDH and in Spanish.SPECIAL FEATURES:"Butter" comes with the following special features:Deleted and Extended Scenes - (9:04) Featuring six deleted and extended scenes.Gag Reel - (5:15) The Bloopers from the film "Butter".EXTRAS:"Butter" comes with a cardboard slipcover.JUDGMENT CALL:"Butter" is the first film from actress Jennifer Garner's production company, Vandalia Films and also is the first screenplay written by Jason Micallef.The independent film premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival and it features a solid cast which includes Jennifer Garner, Ty Burrell, Hugh Jackman, Olivia Wilde, Ashley Greene, Alicia Silverstone to name a few.And what best than to create a drama around butter sculpting competitions?Featuring the American family of the mid-west and story about one woman wanting the prestige and becoming more than a trophy wife, while a 10-year-old African-American girl who has been bounced around from foster family to foster family and finds a family that she likes but also shows off her ability to craft with butter.And when you put these two against each other in a butter competition, the storyline becomes too predictable.  But with a talented line-up, you expect bigger things and sure enough, you get to see talents taken on roles that they have never been in before.  Olivia Wilde as a demanding stripper, Alicia Silverstone as an adoptive mother, Ashley Greene as the stepdaughter who despises her stepmother but loves getting intimate with the female stripper that had sex with her father and Hugh Jackman as a car salesman who hooks up with his former high school flame.So, the film benefits from its supporting cast but pretty much the film rides on the shoulders of Jennifer Garner, the domineering trophy wife who can't fathom losing the publicity when the Iowa State Fair asks her husband to step down from the annual butter sculpting competition because he's too good.  And unfortunately, the character of Laura Pickler (becomes a character you despise).  If anything, the only character that the viewer hopes would become successful is young Destiny (portrayed by Yara Shahidi).Destiny may have had the problematic life as an orphan but for this film, she is the shining character.  The young African-American girl who doesn't know where her real mother or family are but yet aspires to be a good foster child and also the best butter sculptist that she can be and win against the bitchy Laura Pickler.Both Garner and Shahidi do a great job portraying their characters but there is no way of saving this film from its very average screenplay.The film also goes far to show that despite the Pickler's looking like the ideal family, they are actually not.  Bob Pickler has an affair with a prostitute, his daughter gets intimate with the prostitute and Laura has a fling with her ex-boyfriend as an opportunity to compete at the Iowa State Fair.  Suffice to say, this "perfect family" is messed up.  And as you hope for some redeeming factor within this family, you realize, that you stop caring for either of them.  And the person you end up rooting for is young Destiny.Sure the film has a political message of a conservative vs. liberal storyline.  But it' also a film that plays things too safe and is too predictable.As for the DVD, the DVD has a few special features but for those wanting the best in picture and audio quality, will want to go for the Blu-ray release instead.As for "Butter", I found the whole Butter sculpting competition to be intriguing and like any competition out there, there will always be individuals who are too competitive and love the spotlight.  But while the storyline for "Butter" was OK, and the film is made more interesting by its ensemble cast of really well-known talents, but its the unknown talent, young Yara Shahidi that made this film worthwhile. Because among the amoral characters featured in "Butter", her character Destiny, is the most respectable, innocent character of the entire the film. And you can't help but want to root for her character.Overall, "Butter" is an average popcorn comedy, nothing more, nothing less.
Moves too slow, some episodes are great, then some drag and have no story, like there are 2 or 3 crews of writers. Great actors, weak story.
I love Tyler Perry's movies.  In this work his strongly moralistic view point is clearly expressed.  Not faulting him for it, rather applauding it.  It was predictable, but well done and I enjoyed every minute.
Wish I could say the same for the acting. Elijah Wood sounded like he was in a high school production. His lameness colored the entire production.
Season 6 has been eclipsed my more modern series such as Lost. The formulaic plotline is old hat and getting long in the tooth. 24 was a groundbreaker but is okay for my treadmill workouts.
Veronica MARS looks like VENUS, but is a down to EARTH girl who is from cliche filled NEPTUNE where no one drives a MERCURY. Veronica narrates the last dozen years of her life so we can catch up, but continues her "Sex in the City" style of narration well into the film. She is set to work for a law firm in NYC and has a great boyfriend. When someone from her "nearly everyone is rich and famous" class is killed, and the main suspect is her ex-boyfriend. Veronica returns to resume her role as an investigator in the case.This was a made for TV formulaic script, and wasn't done well. If you have evidence to clear your client, you present it to the DA and not the local sheriff who doesn't like you.  I also don't understand why she never returned the calls or answered the phone from her new employer. She could explain what she was doing, if they were willing to wait, fine, if not, also fine. But to simply ignore the calls without giving them the respect and decency to provide them with information to make a decision is immature and irresponsible.What channel has the "Columbo" reruns?Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex. no nudity.
I simply do not understand where all these 5 star reviews are coming from. I could see how this type of humor is not for everyone. But this type of humor IS for me - I'm a big fan of It's Always Sunny, Workaholics, The League, and all this aspires to be.But this is just not good. I think the problem lies with the actors? Primarily the history and PE teachers - they're not funny (what they're doing could be funny / the scenarios are funny in theory, but the performances are just not believable / real / authentic...which makes them not funny). I did enjoy the Spanish teacher though - he was quite good.Wanted to like it (particularly given how it came to be), but it just isn't good. I haven't read any positive "official" reviews [newspapers etc.] either.
This could have been a really good sci-fi movie, but it attempts to be "Dawn of the Dead" at the end.  And fails miserably.  It's more watchable than the Sci-Fi network's wreck of the week, but not by much.  Good actors hamstrung by an awful script.  Actually, I may have to take that Sci-Fi statement back.  At least you know what's going on, (and probably know the whole movie), within the first few minutes.  This piece of dreck doesn't seem to know where it's going or what's it's all about until half way through this slog.  Confused about the first 2 minutes of the film?  Don't worry.  It ties back in somewhere toward the end.  Assuming you want to wait that long to find out.  Even if it was free, you're better off re-watching "Night of the Living Dead".  You'll feel dead after watching this crap.
This is an okay series with some interesting scifi elements. It's good enough that it will keep you interested without insulting your intelligence, until E13. Here's why: (could be a spoiler)(1) Big Jim gets the people of Chester's Mill riled about Barbie shooting and murdering people, while Big Jim is the real murderer. So far so good. The key person that BJ tells the town that Barbie shot, who is not dead yet, is Julie Shumway. Of course, Julie Shumway is the only one who can verify that Barbie did not shoot her. Also, both the kid and the nurse helping Julia Shumway observe a distraught Barbie doing what he can so save her.(2) So, Julia Shumway is the key witness that could incriminate BJ, if she recovers from the gunshot wound inflicted by another person besides Barbie. BJ will, for that reason, kill her if she recovers, and this is important. Important because this is what proves BJ is a liar. Julie Shumway was not shot by Barbie because she's alive to say who actually did shoot her-duh?That's it, done deal, Big Jim is a liar anyway he tries to spin it. Both the nurse and the young kid can also verify that Barbie is the one who actually saved Julia's life. So now we have three witnesses that contradict what BJ is saying about Barbie.So in the case you're thinking that BJ could lie his way out of it, I offer this: Barbie shot Julia Shumway and tried to kill her, but at the same time Barbie saves her life, but for some reason Julie Shumway is lying that Barbie didn't shot her. Right. That's believable--by a retard.Intellectually insulting. More importantly, when writers take that much liberty, they need to explain why, and if they do not, it means anything can happen regardless of believability. When that happens, it lowers the IQ of the entire series because it becomes UNBELIEVABLE.The series at this point moves to a purely emotional level and leaves all reason wanting.
This was an immensely popular independent internet series, years ago, for gamers. It is fun even if you don't game, but you may not get it.
We all learn eventually that life isn't always fair, nice guys don't always win, and brown nosing often has unfair rewards.  I can't decide what kind of disorder this woman has, besides extreme narcissism, but something is very wrong. My best guess is that she got bullied in school, never asked to the dance-and now thinks it's her turn, as an adult, to hurt the moms she belittles out of envy-she has no husband and kids to go home to, no gal pals she doesn't have to terrorize/bribe into hanging out with, no little black dresses to work enough magic on her with. I'm not trying to be mean-nobody has it all. Just, why hate on innocent kids of moms she is jealous of or just plain mad at? It's beyond pathetic or unprofessional - it's sick. You just don't treat people this way-especially little kids.Interesting that Abby called Payton out -who surely was a big bully-so early on, while being literally the biggest meanest bully ever! Who can forget her bawling openly-instead of "saving her tears for her pillow" as she so cruelly yelled at virtually every child there to do at various times-when Maddie  *gasp* screwed up, then screaming, when called out on it "oh well, some kids are just special!" No, Abby, ALL of those kids are special, and if you weren't so focused on one kid, you couldn't help but see that!  Then, on this latest episode we hear Maddie turn from what once seemed like a nice person into a little snot-her response to a TEAMMATE's being legitimately upset over something that would have thrown HER (the sorest loser on the team) into "the vapours" was to cynically spit out " it's two minutes in life-she just needs to get over it." No matter how often she wins, that is behavior of a loser. Neither Melissa nor Abby are doing her any favors. She is going to grow up thinking she's just a little bit better than the rest of us. Life has a way of sending us lessons about ego and such, when we need them. And not so many friends. Maddie is in for a rough time when those lessons start coming and she sees what divatude attracts-and doesn't.  She is a child-at this point she still has that time/excuse-but, unfortunately, a few key very poor role models.Just imagine what the otherlifers-Brooke, Paige, Nia, and Chloe -could be and do with equal love and attention? They are absolutely wonderful despite the bullying and the uneven playing field-while managing to be nice little girls who don't think they are better or make snarky comments-I just wish they could manage to not OWN Abby's words quite so much. Living well is the best revenge, and they all have the talent to draw themselves up and show Abby out of spite if nothing else-Chloe has beaten the favorite before, and I'd love to see Maddie up against any of the others in Hip Hop, Paige especially. Ironically,,they are the product Miss Abby created, and they deserve and could be so much more. It was egregious to pit the two duets -TEAMMATES-against one another, and if the blondes had had the confidence they should have , they could have come out on top, particularly if they had gotten the encouragement and rehearsal time the Teammate/competitors (who DOES that?) had been given. Seriously, not only is there more than one good dancer on the TEAM, for Abby to think that she had only produced one and that she genuinely needs a traveling side show to find other schools' talent to poach to build a winning team really is selling herself a bit short. She has had winning TEAMS -including THIS one- for years. To pimp herself out as dance 's version of Simon Cowell for a bit more fame/attention...kind of speaks for itself, at that. Is she all about Going Hollywood or is she in the legitimate business of molding talented professional career-driven dancers for the sake of the art that she poses as?I do know that if this is real, I wouldn't subject my child to either end of the Dance Dementia spectrum-and I think being the pet would be the most damaging position of all, long term.Kendall is not a lifer, to her benefit-but she is developing the same pained "I just sat on the point of the top of the pyramid" expression on her face while she dances that The Favorite always has. The fact that her mom has a habit of repeatedly lapsing into "I" or "we" as in "I should have had that solo" or "we shouldn't be last on the pyramid" is both telling and disturbing. Even her kid tells her to knock it off.. I'm always thinking of Nia, Paige, Brooke, and Chloe, who have been there languishing in obscurity since toddler-hood every time Jill starts with what "we" deserve. Does the woman ever listen to herself?Ironically, Abby seems to be biting out of the same rotten Ohio Apple as her smarmy competitor -ignoring an opportunity to turn confidence, energy and deserved equal attention from the products of a lifelong devotion to her studio, despite the abuse, favortism, and neglect they're repeatedly subjected to-instead, poaching from the fruits of competition studios' labor. As several savvy moms have repeatedly pointed out, is the irony of this completely lost on her? She has greater confidence in the products of other studios than in her own? What's next, strutting around wearing molting rat fur vests,  looking like a multi-colored rat is loose on her head, calling everyone else's "fashion" tacky while Applepolishing purchased talent "guest choreographers", recruiting from utube and thinly-veiled publicity sucking "twittercalls" -oh wait, she's already doing most of that! Why not try being creative, developing from within her ranks to give the same attention, choreography, costumes, private lessons, interest and encouragement to all that she pours into the only one who truly reflects the results of her lifelong tutelage that she has deemed worthy? Let's see THEN what happens. I think, frankly, she's selling herself way too short, and I wish it was just her problem.This show used to be fun. Now, if it is real, it really crosses the line into abuse and, in either case, it stopped being fun to watch long ago. She is no longer a professional, she is out of control, mean, abusive, and needs to get over the whole big mouth big hair big fingernails and big ego, etc.-a caricature every plus-sized drag queen parade has undoubtedly added to their routine.But that's her problem. Unfortunately, I fear that all of these kids will need therapy. Abby needs to get first in line, and today's favoriteright behind her.She knows less about real class than Cathy Apple does, and that's saying something.
This season of SP isn't as solid as many of the others.  There are a few episodes I think are a little weak like "Medicinal Fried Chicken," "Poor and Stupid," "Insheeption," and "Creme Fraiche."  But what the season may lack in consistency, it makes up for in WOW moments.  I don't think I've ever been as blown away watching an animated show than I was seeing the uncovering of the truth of Cartman's father on "201."  "Mysterion Rises" also gave me a "Of course!  It's so obvious!" moment.  This season also offers quite a few old school Looney Tunes cartoon references that brought back childhood memories.  Season 14 was good though not as consistently brilliant as past seasons.  I am reducing the score an extra star because of the egregious censoring of "201"--one of the most exciting SP episodes ever.  What could Kyle and the others at the end possibly be saying to warrant the entire thing being bleeped out?  And the bleeping of every mention of Mohammad is very annoying and is a bit baffling considering his name was not bleeped at all in "200."  Why not bleep it on this DVD if it is so dangerous?  Still, I guess we are lucky that this episode is included at all since it is not available online and hasn't been aired on Comedy Central since.Disc 1:"Sexual Healing"--So clever.  Saying what a lot of people think went down in the Tiger Woods's household, but doing it in X-Box EA Sports form and then bringing in the sex addiction theme with Ben Roethlisberger, Bill Clinton, Charlie Sheen, etc, is just brilliant."The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs"--The boys are disappointed by a supposed controversial book assigned in school (the one that "made a guy shoot the king of hippies" according to Cartman), so they write their own.  Afraid of getting in trouble, they credit the book to Butters who is elevated to genius for his masterpiece in sociopolitical commentary and uncontrolled vomiting.  It's funny how readers interpret the disgusting passages.  Gross."Medicinal Fried Chicken"--KFCs are being replaced by medicinal cannabis stores.  Randy and his friends purposely get testicular cancer so they can partake.  This episode is overly silly with the men bouncing on their balls like hippity hops.  Meanwhile, Cartman resorts to the black market to get his KFC fix."You Have 0 Friends"--Despite his resistance, Stan's friends sign him up with a Face Book account and he is deluged with demands from "friends".  Stan finds that deleting a FB profile is tougher than he thought.  Meanwhile, the always sympathetic Kyle befriends a lonely boy who has no friends and finds that his own FB stock falls as a result thanks to Eric "Kramer" Cartman."200"--This episode and the sequel blew me away back when they first aired.  In this part, Tom Cruise and all the celebrities defamed in South Park get together and demand to see Mohammad, who is the only person they know susceptible to ridicule, so they can get his goo.  They then get competition from gingers.  In another storyline, Jennifer Lopez (a.k.a. Mitch Conner) gets Mr. Hat to admit to Cartman that there was a cover-up pertaining to the identity of his father.  A LOT of past characters show up in these episodes which is a real treat for long-time SP fans.Disc 2:"201"--The continuation of "200".  I will not give away the ending, but it blew me away when I saw it when it first aired.  I said, "No Way!" out loud even though I was watching it by myself.  Brilliant!  Controversy surrounds the "I learned something today" speeches at the end as Comedy Central decided to bleep them out.  They are still bleeped out on this DVD.  I thought it was done on purpose when I first saw it, but Trey Parker and Matt Stone were actually angry it was done that way and a text statement from them is included at the beginning of this episode."Crippled Summer"--A hilarious take-off of the "Intervention" TV series featuring Towlie" "I'm not high! I haven't been high since Wednesday!...Oh, it IS Wednesday."  Also, a Looney Tunes treatment is given to a camp for handicapped kids where Nathan (the steroid seller in "Up the Down Steroid") keeps trying to get revenge on popular Jimmy, but his plans keep backfiring on him thanks to a dopey sidekick."Poor And Stupid"--Cartman thinks he can't fulfill his dream of being a great NASCAR driver because he is not poor and stupid.  He thus gives away all his money and eats Vagisil to impede his short-term memory."It's A Jersey Thing"--South Park (as well as the eastern half of the country) is being invaded by New Jerseyites.  It gets so bad, they contact al-Qaeda for help.  In this episode, viewers find out Sheila Broflovski is from Jersey (big surprise, huh?) and her son Kyle was conceived there, meaning he is struck by the three J's, according to Cartman, Jerseyite, Jewish, Jinger.  Fans of "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" and "Jersey Shore" will appreciate this episode."Insheeption"--This is a take-off on the TV series "Hoarders".  Those shows are often funny anyway in a pathetic way, but I don't think SP took advantage of the possibilities.  A sheep herder?  And the hoarding theme is replaced by the dream/memory sequence.  This episode is also taken from the film "Inception" (hence the title) and the College Humor parody of "Inception" (so much so, it lead to an apology from Parker and Stone).  Stan's mom sums up this episode very well: "Just because an idea is overly convoluted and complex doesn't make it cool." On a side note, that bully who torments a young Mr. Mackey looks like the kid in "Eight Is Enough."Disc 3:"Coon 2: Hindsight"--The Coon and his super hero friends keep getting overshadowed by Captain Hindsight, "the hero of the modern age," who only tells people what should have been done to prevent disasters after they've happened. When he becomes the hero of the Gulf oil spill, Cartman tries to recruit him by resorting to blackmail.  Meanwhile, BP's continuous drilling causes increasing horrors for the environment and humanity.  The other members of Coon and Friends are fed up with Cartman's violent, overbearing tactics and kick him out of the union."Mysterion Rises"--In this episode, we find out the identity of Mysterion (if it wasn't known before) and his real power.  When I saw this part I was blown away, "Of course!  It all makes sense now!"  Cartman joins forces with the evil Cthulhu to get back at his former "friends."  Mysterion tries to see if there is a connection between the Cult of Cthulhu and his power.  I like the parody of the Lebron James commercial.  The Cthulhu song is hilarious."Coon Vs. Coon & Friends"--In this final installment of the three-parter, Cartman and Cthulhu banish Cartman's former friends to the Nightmare City of R'lyeh while they wreak havoc to make the world a better place...for Cartman.  Mysterion takes action to stop them but an unsuspected hero may be the one to save the day.  I like Cartman's comic book summary of the story where he pleads with his "evil" friends (he thinks he's the good guy, of course) to "Go with Christ." Cartman also does a parody of that cartoon where the little kitten kneads and curls up on the back of the bulldog.  I remember that cartoon from my kid days."Creme Fraiche"--Randy becomes obsessed with cooking shows in a sexual way while his wife Sharon gets out her frustrations using the shake weight.  This episode is hardly believable--I mean cab fare wouldn't be a few coins LOL.
It was OK to pass the time but there wasn't any real substance to it. They tried to make the girl the one who broke the cases, but she really didn't do anything special. They pronounce dahlia like day-lia and it sounds weird, too.
The idea of a political comedy sounded great. I'm a political junkie and need some comedy in my life. Unfortunately, this series isn't doing it for me so far. The problem is that the characters act like a bunch of idiots rather than real people, much less politicians. The show tries to get its laughs through buffoonery rather than wit, whereas I think wit is much more appropriate for political comedies. I don't expect 100% realism from comedy, but for a concept like this to work I'd think the characters would need to be at least more plausible than the characters of the Hangover movies. Too often characters did something that was not only incredibly dumb and predictable but also not funny. I found myself less able to invest in the show and eventually stopped watching after a few episodes. If you're looking for intelligent comedy, this isn't it.
Police shows are best when episodic. You get to do character development while telling different stories each week. I don't want to watch 10 episode about chasing one case or following one trial. It just means that the facts, reveals and details will be drawn out and that at the end of the season they will give you one little nugget to make sure you come back next year. Not interested.I'd give it one star but Two guys from the Wire and one guy from Walking Dead is always worth an extra star.
We like this sort of political/spy drama. We have been enjoying several Scandinavian shows, basically liked the new House of Cards, etc. However, after four eps. we decided to go back to re-watching Justified! We were still curious what the deal with Miranda Richardson was, but otherwise zzzzzz
It was bound to happen sooner or later, writers running out of ideas (or just getting lazy), actors ensconced in their established roles (or just getting lazy), there's no mystery anymore, and bringing in the old &#34;tried and true&#34; dramatic scenarios shows a complete lack of creativity  (i.e., having Ryan's wife giving birth in an ambulance at the scene of a fire, come on!) That's all.
Off to an interesting start.  A sorta hybrid of Walking Dead and Under The Dome.The excessive foul language is simply painful to the ear however.Some film makers seems have this misconception that the more swearing there is in a film the more realistic it will be...it's can be a turn off.
It was filmed in the dark , which for me I find almost impossible to watch because you can't see anything . That would eliminate the cost of props or settings perhaps ? Just a thought because thats all I can think about during episode 2 , I'm in the dark . Why are we in the dark ? I set the brightness on my Mac to the brightest setting . This combined with the poorly scripted ,so boring episode makes not even want to finish episode 2 .
"The Oxford Murders" is one of the most delightfully bad movies of our time. It's on par with "Manos,Hands of Fate","Plan 9 from Outer Space" and "Troll 2." It has the pretentiousness of The Room combined with the campiness of any Wood (as in Ed) B movie. There are talented actors whose hamminess is redeeming-John Hurt as the professor Arthur Seldom, Anna Massey as a former Enigma codebreaker, and Alex Cox,the director of the superb Sid & Nancy as an obsessed mathematician who suffers hideously from cancer. Hurt saves the movie through overacting--then again,he did voice Aragorn in the Bakshi version of Lord of the Rings.The plot is obvious from the get-go: A grad student, Martin (Elijah Wood) is immediately pounced on by two fangirls-- I mean ladies-- as soon as he arrives in Oxford. There are a series of mathematical murders,not to mention some hilarious dialogue:"I believe in the number pi!""Beth is not an electron.""Only this room,you... and the spaghetti." This movie contains in the notorious spaghetti sex scene. The voluptuous nurse (the singer-songwriter Leonor WatlingPapito) is making spaghetti wearing only an apron, and atop her, Martin slurps it off her bosom. Beth (Julie Cox,who pined for Paul Muad'Dib inFrank Herbert's Dune (Sci-Fi TV Miniseries) (Special Edition Director's Cut) (3-Disc DVD Set)as Princess Irulan) pines for Martin. She doesn't want to be his friend,she wants aBad Romance - The RemixesThe plot is preposterous,and the movie has as much unintentional laughs as---most anything MST3K has tackled. It's a thriller/horror that's been mislabeled. It's a comedy.While it's hilariously,uproariously bad,it gets 3 stars for these reasons-1)Great acting from Hurt (who's been in the great Quentin Crisp biopicAn Englishman in New York),Massey. Even Julie Cox and Leonor Watling channel fangirlishness as they throw themselves at Elijah. They probably read the Frodo's Harem website to prepare themselves.2)The great Bach piece at the end. This movie needed more JS Bach,frankly. Beth's character plays annoying modern music.3)Elijah's frequently shirtless. Elijah spends most of the movie looking concerned,and widening his eyes. *SPOILER ALERT*The movie ends with him giving a blank,bland look. Thank goodness Elijah is frequently shirtless,even has a shower scene--to distract from his bland acting. In a touch of irony,there's a scene set at the Eagle and Child--the pub hangout of JRR Tolkien and CS Lewis."The Oxford Murders" is so bad,it's good. As some tripsters listen to Pink Floyd's "Dark Side of the Moon" while watching the Wizard of Oz,one could sync the music of the Davis-based psychedelic rock band Oxford CircleLive at the Avalonwith this movie. "Oxford Murders" is a magical mystery tour,a camp classic.
Solomon Kane stars James Purefoy as a pirate of royal blood, who's soul is damned for hell (literally!) and becomes a self-made holy man. Now, one heck of a story could be told about this man, however this is not a character study. Instead this is another CGI over substance wonder, this one coming from Great Briain instead of Hollywood, that's a novelty I suppose.Based on the works of Robert E. HowardConan - The Complete Questthis is another tale of "witchcraft and sorcery", this tale begins in 1600 with Solomon working as a privateer for Queen Elizabeth 1 in North Africa, here he meets a demon who tries to take possession of his soul, it's no longer his, but property of the devil. Solomon escapes, or the movie would be a lot shorter. Once back in England he gives up his evil ways, seeks sanctuary at a church and begins a life of peace, intending to live out his days their. I guess that wasn't in god's plan, as one day, the priests boot Solomon out, I think he got until sundown to leave, because he was out of their fast.Solomon's plan seems to be to wonder the Earth, you know like Caine in Kung Fu, first day out he's besieged by a band of robbers who look escapes from one of those horror films about a family of cannibals. He's beaten and robbed, of what I'm not sure, because of his unwillingness to lay his murderer's hands upon anyone anymore.He's saved from death by a puritan family (Alice Krige and the late Pete Postelwait),their daughter Margaret (Rachel Hurd-Wood) and son Samuel (Patrick Hurd-Wood), who nurse him back to health, befriend him and give him a silly looking quaker costume.It takes nearly forty minutes to get the core of the story which comes after the family is mercilessly butcher by emissaries of the sorcerer Malicah (Jason Flemying), Margaret survives, but is abducted. Now, the sleeping beast Solomon Kane was has been awakened. Malicah, has imprisoned the people of the land, stolen the throne and has his minions turned into scared brutes. Solomon Kane, as it turns it, is the second son in the line to the throne (Howard had some belief hereos had to be of some sort of noble blood), banished years earlier by his father (Max Von Sydow), he may not have expected  a happy homecoming, but not this.Solomon Kane is s good looking production, good actors, costumes, make-up, cinematography, locations. It does sufer under the weight of it's terrible dialogue that sounds as if it was lifted directly from Howard's writing, someone actually says "silence you dogs" and Solomon states "I am the only devil here", I think you get the idea. I suspect that this movie will draw some comparison with last summer's dudJonah Hex, it is better than that, in some ways I was reminded of Bergamsn'sThe Seventh Seal: The Criterion Collection [Blu-ray], and not just because of Von Sydow's cameo, and not because this is great art, but certain plot elements and a tiny bit of it's thematic structure. This in itself, I think makes it a more interesting movie.It is well known that the film has, as of yet, to find a distributor in North America, it was released theatrically in England and parts of Europe where it did poorly. It is hard to say, especially in this filmgoing climate if this is theatrical worthy. I know I liked it better than a lot of what is playing at multiplexies, however it does have a syfy channel ready approach to it, some of the CGI is not so great, Solomon Kane was shot on a budget of $45 million, not $250 million like the latest Transformers movie.  Also, today such high exposure stars as Al Pacino, Kate Winslet, Meryl Streep, Emma Thompson, William Hurt, Dustin Hoffman, Nick Nolte find themselves working on HBO, filmmakers like Michael Mann, Todd Philips, Paul Schrader, Curtis Hnasen, and soon, David Mamet have all directed cable movies. I find Solomon Kane to be worth a look, but where to look at it and how hard to look at it, that's another tale to tell.
Very tense, well-done show, at least as far as the first two episodes go, but some things hold it back.  First of all, Melissa George is not quite believable as a fighter, being able to whip, or at least hold her own, against big, strong, muscular guys outweighing her by 80 to 100 pounds.  Secondly, typical British weirdness with the nudity.  Take for instance the head of her private company, he goes to a very expensive hotel, dressed in an expensive suit, and sits in a chair while a middle-aged prostitute walks around the room in the nude getting him a glass of water, then sits on the bed and stares at him and he just stares back?  This isn't even counting the somewhat normal although brief glimpse of hot steamy sex between Ms. George and a &#34;mark&#34; in the beginning of the pilot.
This is my favorite of the pilots this season. Despite a silly premise and some stereotypical scenes, the characters are likeable and fun to watch. Josh Peck did a great job playing the GM and Natalie Zea grew on me throughout the show. Lots of great, light comedy. Just the show to unwind with. I am not a big football fan, but still got a lot of the references. 3 stars because while entertaining, it's basically a pro-football version of your classic Underdogs movie.
It amazes me that smart people would choose to speak as these do.  I hope people realize the whole industry is not this bad.  Great psychological insights concerning what drives idie game creators.
This season was interesting, but a little slow and most definitely out of touch with reality.  Why are they always changing Jane's/Deb's angel?  That Paul is the most flakiest, out of touch with reality, dumbest guardian angel ever.  He's too flaky to mimic reality!  I wouldn't wish him on my enemies.  I hope no one's angel is really like that.  I would demand a reassignment.  This whole season was out of touch.  Owen agreeing to be Stacy's baby's father.  Really?  If you needed ideas, for goodness sake do market research!  Sample random people, etc..The producers should have brought back cast members instead of explaining them away.  This was the most frustrating season ever.  After watching the beginning of season 6 tonight, I still have hope for the series.  It is the final season after all.
I still enjoy this show and the great characters.  Season 2 had a nice progression from season 1 and had many great episodes.  Great cinematography, great acting.However, for me, some of the stories (scripts) didn't "sizzle" like in season 1.  What I mean by that is that too many scripts deal with Mary and her inner circle drama, (mother, sister, boyfriend issues) and not on the individual cases she is working on, and the state / problems of the people she is trying to protect.I hope the producers can bring some new writers on board and continue to make this a great series, while shaking things up a bit and trying new plot threads.For example, instead of Mary and Marshall always being in Albuerquerque (I probably mis-spelled that)....have them fly all over the U.S., being in different states, with different shot locations, working on separate cases sometimes, with multiple plot threads.  Some episodes I would leave un-solved, or unsolvable...because that is reality in law enforcement.  Have a few "cold cases" that aren't resolved until the end of the season, for example.Can't wait for season 3 in summer 2010!  This show remains one of the best on tv.
It starts out okay but then seems to get bogged down with a lot of &#34;drama&#34;. Why are these people risking their lives like this?
This show could have been so much better, but since they had to get the characters sooo involved with so many other things, it really took away from the main theme of the show. You should have let Michael Chiklis be a mean and nasty hamster too.
I love Paul Rudd and Amy Poehler but the script is not good.I had to cut this movie off.  This is just too wierd for me.
I watch this with my husband and have to leave the room during the gory and perverse parts. (He has high tolerance, I have very little and get disturbed, sometimes will leave the room) I do admire the acting and dialog, which at times reminds both of us of Deadwood. A kind of tongue in cheek Southern trashy Shakespearean edge to the drama. Especially the Shakespeare plots where everyone dies at the end!
South Park is wonderful!  Comedy Central's censorship and cowardice is deplorable.  Maybe someday Comedy Central will realize the importance of art and the first amendment.  Until that day, I am sure as hell not giving them money for this blu ray.
During the first zombie outbreak that we don't get to see, over 100 million people died. A drug was found to control the disease. There is a catch. The drug must be injected every 36 hours or the person reverts. There is a short supply of the drug as it is derived from the spinal column of dead zombies. Kate (Emily Hampshire) is a doctor who treats &#34;the Returned&#34; and has a boyfriend Alex ( Kris Holden-Ried) who is a music teacher and one of them.Kate buys treatments under the table. She has to battle against the societal prejudice against &#34;zombies&#34; which has become a politically incorrect word. It takes about 40 minutes to develop the plot and character.The film has parallels to homophobia and various prejudices, after all who wants their sister to marry a zombie? There are anti-return groups and killings.The main problem is when the movie picks up it still moves slow. I kept waiting for something to catch and hold my interest. The ending was a yawn in spite of the attempt at being a dramatic twist. Not exactly a zombie film.Parental Guide: F-bomb. No sex or nudity
I watched it I felt I wanted my money back...wait I did not pay anything for it and time does not come back. The plot is weak, saying the characters are one dimensional would be a compliment. I am not sure if there is a genre called 'dumb decisions horror' but if there was this one hit all the marks. The main character goes back to the hotel and does not consider wise to change her dress into something more appropriate for the end of the world? They run away from the cholos to hide in the forest? They look at the alien/mutant/demon and just wait for it to leave?  Oh, and it has all the same tattoos as well, I wonder why?
This production has two strikes against it because I am not crazy about unexplained disaster dramas.  The cast is pretty strong, and managed to sustain my interest during the pilot.  Nevertheless, I felt the script was winging and is going to lack focused direction in future, leaving the protagonists to wander aimlessly.
Zooey Deschanel is a real talent and the "awkward schtick" that she does in this series is funny. A show built around her would definitely have promise, but this falls way short. The writing is flaccid and the comedy is often too broad. And the co-stars are nowhere near as talented as she and it ruins what could have been a great vehicle. But that's what happens when you choose a cast based on who's Jewish rather than who's the most talented.  I'm referring here to actor Jake Johnson (Jewish despite the Anglo name) and then most especially Max Greenfield who is not only awful and a total amateur, but is so homely it's genuinely painful to look at his face.
I love Natalie Zea in everything she does, but this show has no chemistry, isn't funny, and has over dressed football players.
First, I don't watch much sci-fy television, but I was willing to give it a shot.  The characters didn't exactly beg you to like them.  None of them seemed too interesting. Lots of stereotyping. That being said, I have to admit to being curious about the identical birth dates, the odd tattoos, and the strangely interesting &#34;alien&#34; forest creature.Would be willing to watch a second episode to see if the characters grow at all and make you want to watch them. Hopefully the show will take a couple of steps forward.
Interesting concept - based on Wizard of Oz characters but don't see anything interesting beyond that.  Also should have at least 1/2 of the pilot done in animation (gorgeous, by the way).  It is really difficult to use imagination to continue watching the show when the story was just ok and with parts in black and white sketches....
It could have potential, but the story line started off fairly weak.  I would watch it again, but I'm not sure it would hold my interest for long.
I've been waiting a year to see this episode by Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Dana Priest (and Jim Gilmore) about her year-long investigation into the new secret government infrastructure with all the gory details.  This revealed very little about that.  Only about 10% of the episode's time was devoted to where these sites are, how they are funded, how they work with local law enforcement, what they are doing, etc..  The vast majority of the time is spent rehashing the events that led up to this situation with all of the bureaucrats and government officers telling us how patriotic they are and why they were justified to take the gloves off and do anything they wanted beating us over the head with their rhetoric.  I suspect that Priest's story was compromised by the governmental players to water down the theme and impact this story deserves.  What a disappointment.  I suppose I will have to read Dana's book to get the full story.  Thanks for selling-out, Frontline.
the series is interesting and very informative. The characters make the show
I LOVE the Poirot moves and David Suchet is Poirot embodied. However, since there are many other reviews that give better information on the content of these movies, I am simply commenting on the quality of the video.For some reason, this specific episode is really grainy. I'm not exactly complaining because I'm streaming them at such a little cost through AmazonPrime's annual $79 fee which is a mere pittance. To use the language of Poirot  :DJust saying... I don't know why this one is not very good quality-wise, and I just watched the previous two in this season and no prob.  It almost looks like old fashioned film.
Seasons 1 and 2 were so fun and entertaining. The rest of the seasons were less than great and the new wives were too crass. Season 4 was my least favorite of all.  There was too much bitterness.
Was not to bad and the plot kept you plugged in enough to keep watching. Sort of a well made B movie.
Good clean entertainment but a little on the weird side sometimes. But our kids seem to like it so it stays!
It is a shame, very interesting topics, dumbed down to the lowest common denominator (a retarded grain of sand). Science is interesting, you don't have to create all of this fake drama, & use flashy editing techniques to try to make people think it is exciting.
Disgusting, revolting, socially unacceptable, morally reprehensible.America at a new low.This is the worst kind of presentation. It is demeaning, insulting, insensitive, moronic, vile and absolutely valueless. In the first five minutes we get apparently really drunk people on-camera trying to be entertaining - not - and then just to show the true veracity of the premise, one of the actors throws up on screen and they SHOW it.I hope everyone involved in this disgusting piece of tripe has a life full of karmic consequences for this bizarre and terrible, terrible idea.Amazon - remove this foul piece of pap before it turns away more customers - what were they thinking when they did this - oh yeah, they were drunk...yeah that's what I want to deal with, drunken mediocrity, vomit, misinformation, and the insane idea that anything in this is &#34;funny&#34; - it is not, it is an insult to decency..
some of his humor it too brutal- ie harsh videos that are of the JACKASS variety, His personal deliver is smooth and funny.
&#34;Stage Fright&#34; is an old-school slasher wannabe that has some fun kills and some amusing songs, but overall, it's a little too much of a gimmick and not enough over the top gore to satisfy fans.
For those who have not heard of this show, you have to go into watching Tosh.0 with the understanding there is nothing sacred or untouchable when it comes to the subject comedy and humor.  This can be extremely funny and refreshing (in a society hell-bent on allowing itself to be subdued by a politically correct police state) - but the extremely funny bits are surrounded by seemingly endless acres of the same recycled potty humor in order to fill the creative voids (of which there are many).A large chunk of the show is apparently aimed at adolescent minds - but the show as a whole is completely inappropriate for all non-adults.  Incessant and repeated &#34;b-hole&#34;, vomit and other assorted potty humor is the normal subject matter.  Graphic and many times violent internet videos are used as the centerpiece and subject matter for much of the comedy.  So consider yourself warned.Again - race, gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity - and pretty much anything is/are all fair game in this show&#8230; and the satire should be obvious for some.  Nevertheless, do not watch if your overly sensitive and easily offended - because if you are, this show will offend you.  Enjoy!
The vampire diaries is one of the worst television shows ever made. Don't waste your money on this crappy tv show.
This show doesn't know if it wants to be &#34;Damages&#34; or Silence of the Lambs and steals a litte from both.  But if you're looking for excellence in script, acting, and cinema, see HBO's Damages.  The Blacklist is fast food with ketchup - MTV style editing, cardboard characters, all the depth of a CSI episode.  I like James Spader but this show is cheap half-hour made for TV fodder and doesn't even approach the level of greatness found on some of the pay-TV channels like HBO.  To be fair I only watched 3 episodes which was enough.  This show is fluff and about as satisfying as cold french fries.  I may watch it again however as (unlike good TV) it's easy to turn off when it's time for bed.
Almost an hour of: power is out, no communications, people panic, rule of law by gun and wallet - wow, how to totally unpredictable, novel and riveting - it has been done better before, X-Files creator or not, this was near to very bad.Then in the last 3 minutes, we are introduced to what looks like an orange eyed horned blue skinned alien with too many tattoo's to be considered in good taste and that gets shot and scurries off into the woods like an up facing spider...the only 3 minutes worth watching in this drone.This is so confused it is not worth another episode...however, keep the cinematographer, he/she was not bad at all - same with the tattoo artist.
Ouch! Remind me to read the reviews and why it was recommended in the future. Perhaps the idea was to overwhelm the viewer with sensationalism to cover the qualities of the actors. The part of the 'actor' (Allen Daniels) is the most convincing. The plot is reasonable but it seems to lose it's way within the flashes of the past. If one watches part one, part two becomes almost inevitable viewing. Interesting for those who enjoy this genre . . . not recommended for those who are serious students of military history and wander into 'recommended' without questioning why!
A fairly routine horror entry but with a story you've seen a hundred times. However in spite of the insipid plot, this one manages a few creepy moments that almost make it worthwhile to watch.
The first season of "The Outer Limits" was the best. Sure the second season had some classic episodes (among them "Solider" and "Demon with a Glass Hand" which inspired James Cameron to come up with "The Terminator". I'd give the shows here 5 stars but 0 stars to MGM for this reissue. Why? Because these are the exact same digital transfers as last time. They haven't been enhanced with any thing AND there are no extras. I'd average that out to 2 stars for this set.Don't get me wrong--the first season was terrific for the most part. This set (like the first season set) features the moving "The Man Who Was Never Born" with Martin Landau as a scarred victim of a viral holocaust who is given the chance to go back in time and prevent the birth of the man who created his sterile world. Featuring a rich score by the late Domninic Frontiere (among his best), this was "The Outer Limits" as its best. Also we get "The Galaxy Being" with Cliff Roberson who unwittingly brings an alien creature he has been communicating with from a world made of anti-matter into ours causing destruction and death. David McCallum in "The Sixth Finger" about the results of an experiment to push humanity to evolve to the next level but how, in the process, we lose the essence of what makes us human."The Zanti Misfits" like much of Stefano's work provides a neat allegory about human nature. We also get "The Borderlands" and many other classic episodes mixed with claptrap like "Human Factor" but almost everything here is terrific even if we're only getting half a season at a higher price than before.Why not include a commentary track from surviving actors or David J. Suchow the author on the definitive book on "The Outer Limits"? Because MGM is convinced that you'll buy this set and the second one coming out in August AND pay more in the process because they've split them up. Heck, the least they could have done was got rid of those dreadful dual sided discs. Nope. These are dual sided as well.So what do you get? 16 episodes--half the first season of the series. In August you can get the second half of the first season. I'm at a loss here--why release the exact same thing as before only in a different package? The only reason is so that retailers (such as Best Buy) who return things after a limited shelf life will carry this again. If you're going to do this at least give us some extras (a featurette on the visual effects, vintage interviews with the late Joe Stefano or Leslie Stevens, commentary tracks with Suchow discussing the making of the episode.The show deserves 5 stars but Sony/MGM deserves 0 stars for this reissue. Get this instead.The Outer Limits - The Original Series, Season 1
Aside from the fact that this is a take (literally) on the Simpson movie...dome, from outer space or maybe L.A., (not that there's much difference) lands over town and imprisons everyone inside.  Can't wait for ensuing mayhem and cannibalism when everyone runs out of milk, bread and vodka martinis.
I'm surprised at how many positive reviews this show is getting, its pure drivel.  Logic holes so big you can drive semi trucks through, horrid dialogue, pure teen formula show complete with theme music for scenes to give &#34;mood/meaning&#34;.  How something like this saw enough production to make it live is beyond me and shows just how little studios think of teenagers and the public in general.  Either that or our culture really is that bankrupt and intellectually exhausted to where shallow teenage antics are considered worthy story material no matter how stupid the presentation.  I could go on, but you really are wasting precious minutes of your life watching this.
The folks who made this movie were trying for a scify horror story that,1,doesn't show any understanding of science ( you can't clone a human from red blood cells-they have no dna ),and,2, tries to go for horror with a 'The Shineing' rip off.What they do succed in is regurgitating anti abortion propaganda, and do the disapearing good christians in the rapture bit.A 'mad scientist' wants to clone people, why his project is protected by soldiers is anybodies guess. A woman fertility doctor who can't have children steals one of the cloned embrios and implants it in her womb in the womens toilet. Cut to 'seven years later'. The boy heals a dead mouse. Mother takes the boy to see the 'mad scientist' who by now has had a religous conversion and kills his family so they can go to heaven. He smothers his wife with a pillow and smothers his little girl with a teddy bear. Their bodies disapear leaving only thier clothes behind, just like all the people in the church did.'Mad scientist' was trying to clone jesus! Wants the boy to forgive him! Shoots mom whos body disapears. But, oops!, the boy isn't Jesus, he's the anticrist. Movie ends with him asking satan a 'knock knock' joke.Don't waist your time on this; theres nothing new or well done here.
This is an okay program, not as inclined to hold your attention as some of the other shows like Grey's Anatomy but not that bad either.
I am about to stop watching it even though it is leading up to the final season. It has gotten very tedious and the writing has not been good. Maybe if Ryan Murphy can come back with his A game, I may stick around for the final season
The challenge with The After is that I have watched Lost, FlashForward, Invasion, Under the Dome, The X Files, Millennium, etc. This path of a group of random, odd people thrown together when some outside, supernatural force impacts our lives has been done before and a show must execute perfectly on the concept to not feel stale. This felt stale and uneven. It was interesting not knowing what was going on, but there were a ton of logic flaws with how things were being handled. The chaos outside of the parking garage seemed contrived and unbelievable. Had a day already past without communications, there would have been better organization and people would not have been walking around like zombies. It made for a nice visual picture, but was unbelievable. Also, if a day had past outside, why was it never addressed again? Shouldn't more time have past when our protagonist returned to the garage? The acting was good and the show looked spectacular, but the story needs help. It will either veer into the corny, logic problem realm, in which case I will watch one more episode and be done OR it will pull itself together and take us on a nice ride. Lets hope it is the latter.
Some loved it, and some hated it-Monsters!!  I'm somewhere in the middle myself.  I can see why folks hated it due to the serious lack of monster action in a film entitled Monsters.  I can also see why some enjoyed having a story that took it's time and was essentially about people rather than a nonstop onslaught of monster carnage.As time goes on, Hollywood continues to shorten our attention spans(especially younger folks who grow up on today's Hollywood films and can't stay focused on anything unless it has the pacing of a television commercial) by piling on the computer effects and taking out the story.  Hell, who wants to pay forty bucks for a date, popcorn and soda to go to the theater to watch a story being told through dialogue and/or acting?  Absurd!!Monsters is about a chunk of northern Mexico that has been quarantined off because of an alien species which now roams the region.  A newspaper photographer is given the task of transporting the editor's daughter(who's in Mexico) safely across the border into the U.S.  Well, the journey isn't as easy as planned as the duo encounter numerous setbacks and end up having to travel through the "Infected Zone", which is a large patch of jungle.Now, the meat of the movie is the journey of the two protagonists than it is about fighting monsters.  I do have respect for that, some of the best horror films have been more about the human element than the monster.  Romero's original zombie trilogy is a great example of this.  However, my gripe with this movie is that there's really nothing else interesting going on.  To be honest, I couldn't give a hoot less about the plight of the two main characters.  I didn't dislike them, but they just weren't very strong or interesting.  Their travels through the infected jungle aren't interesting either.  Aside from one encounter with a creature, there weren't any real perils for them to deal with.  Before they reach the jungle, they party and go on a pseudo-date in the city, then go on boat and truck rides.  It's kinda like a travelogue of Mexico, and it's not really interesting.  I'm not one to whine about lack of monsters, but if this is the alternative, throw the audience a bone here.The monsters themselves are cool.  They're a kind of giant octopus type thing that Lovecraft would be proud of.  They are CGI, but shown mostly in the dark and don't look bad at all.  No, you do not see them hardly at all, so take this film straight out of your cart or off your queue if you want to see a giant octopus invasion.All in all, it wasn't too bad, but I do respect it more than I actually like it.
If this show were on TV I would watch the next couple of episodes to determine whether I would stick with it for an entire season.  It could be a fantastic show or a flop.  I personally watch the X-files and other supernatural type shows.  I like that the plot leaves you wondering what is next.  There are some details about the show that bug me. Maybe that is part of the plot. I don't know. I would watch a few more to see if there were further character development.
There doesn't seem to be any shortage of end of the world films these days.  Add this Euro (Sweden, Denmark, Ireland, and Scotland) collaboration to the mix.  Don't look for alien invaders from another galaxy or robotic killers or even interplanetary collisions however.Set in Glasgow, scientists have discovered that a group of people are, for some unknown reason, losing their sense of smell.  The disease, presumed to be viral, spreads quickly worldwide.  What is even more unusual is that just before the ability to smell ceases, the victims go through a psychological change.  In this case, uncontrollable grief along with incessant sobbing.  Once that period ends the ability to smell goes as well.Eva Green plays Susan, an epidemiologist who is working on the identification process.  Her apartment overlooks the back door of an upscale restaurant where Michael (Ewan McGregor) is the chef.  Both are coming off badly ended relationships, but of course manage to hook-up.  What do you expect, they're both great looking.  While their relationship becomes hotter, so does the virus.  One by one, new psychological symptoms arrive with increasingly devastating effects.  The movie is far from perfect as some of the scenes seem out of context.  For example, even without a sense of taste, I doubt I'd want to be ingesting soap and shaving cream just for a few bathtub chuckles.Although the movie has sadness about it and a bleak forecast, Susan and Michael's love story is both erotic and hopeful.  Certainly a thinking person's sci-fi.  Recommended.The Blu ray disc has little to offer in terms of extras.  The transfer has a 2.34:1 aspect ratio nearly the same as the original print and is of course 1080p.  While the picture isn't reference quality it is likely close to the original.  Several scenes appear to be stock newsreel footage in standard definition.  I believe this was shot with digital cameras.  Some scenes look a little dark but overall not a big deal.  The audio is DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1.  It is very good.  There are no booming noises so expect a pretty quiet film.  So quiet in fact, I had to play it at a much higher level than I usually do.  The ambient noises (birds, kitchen workers, etc.) come across very cleanly.
Yeah, I said it.  Alpha House teases us with a very quick appearance of Bill Murray which gives hope for this series, but it doesn't look like we will see him much due to his character's predicament.  There are too many characters that are too witty, too immature, too drunk, too irresponsible, too over-the-top in every respect.  Who writes this stuff?
I guess this was the Olivia show, with mom as her whipping post.  I'm nearly 60 and I don't believe I've ever heard a mother actually utter the phrase: &#34;She's still at the age where hitting is the cutesy phase&#34;.  Really?!!  I would love to see a show of hands as to how many adults think it's cute when you see a child slap an adult? This is one of the most extreme cases I've seen watching this program, but 80 percent of these 'parents'  allow back-talk, snarky attitudes, tantrums, etc.  Not all, mind you, buy enough that should concern us. These are the 'entitled' ones who believe it all needs to be handed to them on a silver platter.  It makes me ill to see how catered these children are, how foolish the adults are.  I'm not sure who needs a spanking more the kids or some of the moms.On the other hand, some of these young ladies show fabulous poise, good manners, and upbringing.  I do think that pageants, when viewed and done correctly can benefit those involved.  Maybe they need to test the mothers for maturity levels before allowing their children to enter,I like watching the older kids more, but it's something only tolerable in small doses,  Watch at your own risk! lol
...the music, and I don't mean that in a good way.  Boring, boring, boring and repetitive attempt at setting a spooky background.  Rhys-Meyers apparently has two or three facial expressions in his repertoire, with the most common one being that which can be seen in the title photo.  (He also seems to have shrunk in size since The Tudors.)  The plot is outrageous:  Dracula invents a non-electric power source?  Dracula heroically fights an evil, secret cartel????  I hold out faint hope that the series gets better as it progresses, but the best &#34;compliment&#34; I can give the five episodes I've viewed so far is that they were great sedatives.
Bosch has a good cast, a nice L.A. setting (great use of landmarks) and is well made &#8212; it definitely felt like any other TV show. But that's the trouble &#8212; it felt like any other TV show. A &#34;renegade&#34; middle-aged white dude feels misunderstood and hard done by and has to prove himself... Not very original, and there wasn't anything in this episode that felt fresh for anyone who's seen a police drama before. The dialogue was pretty hackneyed at times, not least when two male cops decide that a blonde lady shouldn't have killed herself because she was pretty (yeah, that's how mental illness works). The saving grace was that it picked up the tension when the trial started and when we finally got some info from the medical examiner. Unfortunately, it was just getting intriguing when it ended. I would be interested to see what happens next, but only if the pace picks up and the show challenges viewer expectations a bit more.
The reboot of Battlestar Galactica was ultimately a failure.  It is most unfortunate because the elements of greatness were there.  The overarching story was a good one and I was interesting in individual plot lines throughout.  The chief problem was characterization.More and more often as the series progressed, characters were written to do things both against their previous nature and against all common sense.  Both of the Adamas became simply laughable with over-acting the norm and erratic -- unbalanced? -- behavior expected.  I wouldn't trust Bill Adama to rearrange my silverware drawer, much less command a ship.  His always-to-excess drinking alone would have disqualified him from command, a trait shared by way too many of his crew.Mary McDonnell was the series best actor and I wanted to like Laura Roslin.  While a better leader than Bill Adama, she was also ultimately unworthy of my trust.  So, too, was I pulling for Kara Thrace and I really came to enjoy her portrayal by Katee Sackhoff.  Ultimately, I have no freaking idea who and what she was and could muster litter care.  And that was the problem in a nutshell with the series.I just ultimately didn't care whether or not they found earth or survived or lost to the Cylons.  The characters on balance were not very likable and were certainly unworthy of my admiration.  I said in another review of the series -- season 3? -- that the humans were so lacking in worthy quality that it might be better for humanity to be wiped away.  Ultimately, I think that the only character I really would have trusted was Athena and overall, I liked the Cylons more than the humans.  I realize that Ron Moore was trying to create a story where the lines were blurred as to which side should have been seen as the heroes and that is admirable.  It sadly just wasn't executed well.  When you simply stop caring about the characters and a need to finish what you started rather than a burning desire to know what happens in the story drives you forward episode-to-episode, you know a story has gone off the rails.I bet -- I even hope -- that the concept of Battlestar Galactic will be picked up again in a couple of decades.  There is a good story to be told.  It just wasn't this one.
I liked the premise at the beginning of following the raccoons given collars, but then the focus shifted to other cities.  By the time it shifted back to the Toronto study there was not enough time to get much information.  I think it would have been more interesting to focus on the original study with perhaps just a few remarks about the Japanese and German ones.
Please stop the commercials or we will stop buying these. Clearly someone has lost sight of why we buy these videos. If we wanted commercials we would watch regular tv. We pay a premium per episode for a reason. If you take away that reason we stop buying videos. It's not rocket science.
Very disappointing, boring and plain stupid. Amazon is much better then producing a show like this. We will not watch it.
The dance instructor (I'll call her Bertha) is a sadist of the first order. I cant tell who she enjoys torturing more, the kids or the mothers. The mothers who allow their daughters to be subjected to this abuse need mental health counseling, as well as some parenting skills classes. I'd be willing to bet they started out in the Tiara wearing preschooler and baby contests. I wouldn't quite call it kiddie porn but with the stripper make-up dance routines and costumes its real close.
can you imagine the life of a teenager or young adult. money kinda rules their world..who knew? I thought it was okay and maybe I will watch the whole movie...maybe
It's gotten to where I can't trust any of these shows. In search of Bigfoot, Seasons 1-4, and they never find Bigfoot, and all they can provide is about a dozen blurry photos or videos and a couple of eye shine shots! This haunted mine series is FAKE, just like the others. The cast consists of paid actors and a set they blew up when the season ended. Never fear, though; they found another mine coincidentally that's even bigger and scarier than the first. But will the execs sign off on it? Probably. This is why MGM sacked good quality shows like Stargate SG-1 and Stargate Atlantis for low budget garbage like this. Also, if you're going to be a ghost hunter, stop screaming every time you see a shadow person or hear a voice. If you're going to be doing this for a living, grow a backbone fer goodness sake! And please stop doing the EVPs where you conduct scrappy ghost interviews. "Is anyone here? How many of you are there? Do you want us to leave?" I could write this stuff in my sleep!
This was not very entertaining.  I was done before the show was.  Anybody giving this more than 3 stars must be stoned.
There are just so many things that are wrong about this show.  I was expecting 30 Rock funny and sarcastic, not cute musical.  I couldn't believe they were serious with the music.  I thought, "O.K. any minute they'll break and let us in on the music joke."  But sadly they didn't.  Good voices but this was a mish mash of wrongness.
this was an odd movie, it was okay not one of the best films i've seen magnet did better with Black Death. when i saw the trailer to this i thought what the hell i'll try it. and it was horrible. i did not understand the motive to this film at all. except that there is a killer tire. it was weird i'll give you that if the director was aiming for that he did a good job. but all in all i won't see it again. if you have not seen this movie i recommend that you don't
Storage wars has been fun and interesting to watch but I'm afraid that by season 3 it's starting to show it's age. More time is spent on trying to cast the characters into something entertaining and less on what they find in the storage units.
I did not like the movie, I am a horror movie junkie ( if there is such a thing). This  was not horror to me.
Still love the game, but not loving this season.  There are usually a couple of people that you really like & root for.Not really this season.  Will continue to watch but we're not loving it!
Okay, I didn't get this movie at all.  There was a lot of nothing going on in this movie with no plot.  I'm still left wandering if the vanished died, were raptured, or in a parallel space in time...
Every episode not only manages to disgrace this brand name but actually make seasons 1 through 5 worse, somehow. After seeing this season, I want to forget about the entire series and that's a shame, I recall truly enjoying the awkward Michael seasons. As for the actor who plays Andy, his absence at least made the show tolerable. Upon his return in this episode thoughts of blinding myself and bursting my eardrums became preferable to finishing the episode with his talentless non-portrayal of a character that has no aspirations beyond being overlooked, unfortunately thanks to the horrific brand of "look-at-me-I-didn't-get-enough-love-from-mommy-as-a-child" acting, we can not simply ignore Andy. Never underestimate the ambitions of individuals for attention and money to ruin art. Please cancel it now, we don't need an ending or series finale to this any more than we need a resolution to any rotting roadkill corpse in the middle of the interstate.
The first season really hit home with the supernatural and historical referencing, but this time around they just left me hoping that they'd leave this storyline behind and go back to the shows roots.
Not the same without Phil. An adjustment in many ways. Looking forward to coming seasons.. I don't like having to give a specific numbers of words to give a review. I don't mind giving a review... just keep it simple.
This show had potential, a killer similar to Jack the Ripper in present day England.  But it didn't live up to it's potential.  Like so many modern shows it turns into a soap opera about who is sleeping with whom.  You can't tell the good guys from the bad guys, as a matter of fact there doesn't seem to be any good guys.  Acting was good but the writers just didn't do their job.
it is good, but the &#34;Juliet-no memory of Nick&#34; plot line lingers too long and the Capt Renard reveal & Juliet accepting of Wesen plots are settled too quickly. Again, it is the secondary characters; Monroe, Rosalee, & Bud (also Sgt Wu) - who really give the show heart and fun. I am glad it got a Season 3, hopefully the can either focus on the arching storyline or monster of the week plots, because that format will quickly get old (see X-files,et al). I like to see they go into the other characters, mainly the wesen friends to see how they deal with the day to day, keeping their society a secret, and interplay between different wesen communities.
I found this funny despite being outside the target demographic for this show. I see the language has changed but high school has not. This is good for a nostalgic laugh remembering all the high school drama from so long ago. There is however a lot of sex and course language. NOT for the tween set despite internet porn desensitization.
Most shows that are about the movie business tend to show a theme about them in a very superficial way.
I wanted to like this film, we don't always get what we want. The cinematography was just so poor, under lit to the point I couldn't see who was talking or what was happening. Dark bars and night scenes can be shot so that you can still see the action but that requires skill and knowledge that was not evident here. Then there is the audio, it sounds as though the microphones were wrapped in wool. Muffled dialogue in the dark gets real annoying in a very short while, especially when the local accent and colloquialisms are already a challenge to understand. I was beginning to wish for subtitles. So much for the technicalities. The direction was just as poor. the pace of this film went from a fast walk to an agonizing limp then fell to the ground and crawled..slowly, painfully. I really don't care to see another scene in another film where our hero  character announces "I'm an alcoholic" at an AA meeting then goes out and sucks down a fifth of booze  straight from the bottle in between lines of anger and self pity! Can you say cliche! The comic relief was..oh that's right there was none. I hate to pick on child actors so I am glad to say there isn't one in this film. The young girl in this film sounded like she was reading and pretending. The woman playing Ondine, Alicja Bachleda, was sublime throughout. She was a living breathing complex creature on many levels. Colin was flat, a character without energy or dimension. I finally decided my evening would be more pleasantly spent trying to breath through a wet towel. Two stars, one for Alicja and one for what might have been.
This movie was so dull and plodding that I could barely stay awake.  It took much too long for anything at all to happen and then the payoff was dissatisfying.
If you have two hours or so you would like to kill by listening to millionaires whine about how tough it is to be them, then this is the show for you. No matter how you look at this, you are listening to people with no real connection to reality whine about how difficult it is because other people want pictures of them in order to make a paltry sum of money. An argument could be made for Fatty Arbuckle or Chaplin concerning how they did not know the paparazzi would stalk them, but not for anyone that has sought fame since the mid-60's. You're menatally challenged if you think success as a celeb does not mean being stalked by cameras and tabloids. The more they complain, the more disenchanted with them you will become.
it's another crime scene investigation show. Very predictable, the characters are good, no originality, can't understand why Herschel is there?? didn't change his ponytail??? and made him a doctor??? It probably works as a show but failed to create empathy with me. I am not rooting for Bosch. He has no evidence of being a person we have to root for. So zero originality. I like the casting. But as a show i think is not strong enough, as a movie would work fantastically.
I generally enjoy "north of the border" movies and am generally generous with my stars.  The antagonist has potential as an actor so keep going fella.  The movie started well and had a good story going for the most part.  For me, it all took a nose dive during that last third of the movie and never recovered.  It wasn't insulting so give it a rainy day watch and post your comments to calibrate mine one way or another...
From pretty much the start of this movie I wanted to turn it off.  Not long after my husband said this is really lame. The dialogue was so completely unrealistic and forced and the main character was annoying.  The interactions between both the husband and wife and the wife and the new guy were so unnatural and not what would really happen. The public pool shower scene put the nail in the coffin for us and we shut it off there.  You are just watching and bam you are blasted with a bunch of full frontal beaver shots and not just for a second, but extended. It has no place at all in a movie like this and it pretty much represents the poor, juvenile quality of the rest of the movie.
Okay, "we're not supposed to be here"...  we get it.  Too bad the producers didn't take the advice of their own tag-line and reconsider ever creating this ridiculous show.  I wonder how many devout Stargate fans would have been willing to make a monetary contribution to MGM for an episodic solution to SGU. Specifically, if the Wraith were to ambush the Destiny and life-suck these miserable characters right out of the Stargate franchise. Please be aware, this is not Stargate; it's Stargate trying to be Battlestar Galactica trying to be Lost and ends up being just more mindless drama except that it's in outer-space.I'll give ya a couple of examples how this series differs from the other two.  In SG1 there was an underlying sub-plot through most of the series' 10 years, involving serious emotions between O'Neil and Carter which tragically, they were unable to ever satisfy due to military restrictions against fraternization.  SGU flippantly adds a scene in the first five minutes of the first episode with one of the principal characters shagging a fellow officer in a broom closet.  That's one thing about the two original series, having served in the military myself, they always tried to portray the airforce with dignity and as much realism as sci-fi can afford.  Another example is that SG1 and SG Atlantis never really discuss the matter of religion however neither did the writers feel the need to casually insult it and at one time Teal'c even questions his team whether they'd ever read the christian bible, which he had and apparently found to be rather profound.  SGU, on an early episode, cheerfully shows a catholic priest in the role of an abusive, chronic alcoholic.I wonder if the producers ever considered for one second that just maybe, Stargate fans liked a more positive and upbeat universe and for their characters to be compassionate and kind of heroic while not taking themselves too seriously.  Did they ever think that just maybe some people aren't interested in tuning in week after week to watch a group of angry jerks vying for power in a seemingly hopeless situation while being filmed by an apparently, paranoid camera crew.Gonna be completely honest here and say I only made it about halfway through season one because after watching this show for a few weeks I eventually gave up hoping it would all get better and just sank to the ground (kinda like Charlton Heston at the end of Planet of the Apes) and railed at MGM: "You maniacs! You blew it up!" etc.
I caught this on HDNet about the same time it was released in a limited number of theaters.  I fear it won't have much of an audience.  "Vanishing" is yet another take on Armageddon with more than a strong hint of religious overtones.  It is also fraught with questions, none of which are answered.  This leads to frustration.  I suspect the filmmakers would say something like, "it's up to the viewer to decide".  Baloney!  We want facts.  We want answers...at least for the key elements.  Obviously cost was a factor as the evil-doers are essentially shadows that take the human form, but leave their clothes.  Light, real or artificial, can save you.  Still, in the city of Detroit, only 4 or 5 people have survived, but who knows.  In spite of more questions than answers, the movie has its share of tension and spookiness.  It's not really a horror movie though.  I think it would be more at home as a 45 minute episode of "The Twilight Zone".
The cast and the previews looked worth watching...I watched episode 1 and within the first sequence I knew what was going to happen and I knew who was the &#34;bad guy&#34;. Dermot Mulroney, who plays the bad guy, looks terrible... dirty and dingy and not-watchable.The premise is stupid. I am to believe that a group of teenagers whose parents are the most powerful and influential in the country (including the president's son), ALL are on a bus... a &#34;normal&#34; field trip... WITH only two secret service vehicles following them and no other security to be found... AND no security ON the bus... AND a crazy ex-FBI (or other 3-letter word agent) is on the bus with them. Seriously! First, isn't a secret service agent to be WITH the president's kid at ALL times, WITH him, by his side, ON the bus? Second, none of these other high-powered people have security around their kids at all... and third, a field trip, a freaking field trip. Where the hell where they going? What field trip with 16-17 year olds? WHERE ARE THEY GOING?And... a secret service agent is suppose to lay down his life for the president and his family. They are NOT to be compromised. But oh... wait... if I buy into this premise, of course they are easily compromised.That premise within itself made me roll my eyes. Then it gets better... &#34;send the other vehicle ahead to secure the restaurant for lunch&#34; yeah, the one other secret service vehicle... WHAT?... oh, but wait.. it gets better... the other vehicle disappears then there is a road block... AND... let's get out of our vehicles and NOT secure the president's son and just see what's going on... WHAT?All of that in the first 15 minutes... I'm suppose to buy that... but oh...I find out that the show is going to be centered around a bunch of teenagers... ummm... no.Gillian Anderson, bless her heart... she looks good but that's about it. No emotion... none! And she did have a line for that something about... &#34;I'm not going to be this way for long&#34;... WHAT?oh... but wait... the bad guy, is of course, the BEST at what he does... which I guess is controlling everything thru his computer setup... and the FBI (or some other 3-letter agency) just fired him for something that he, of course, did not do, and let him go on his merry way.One positive note: The storyline with the new-to-the-job secret service agent was pretty good. IF I watched the show again it would be to see how he saves the day, which is where it is seemingly headed. I was engaged with this part. I wanted to see what he would do to save the boy and himself.I didn't care about the rest of the story. I just wanted it to be over. However, the series could be saved. If I was writing it, I would get the teenagers rescued in the second episode so that little teen drama is over. Kill the supposed bad guy and find that he was actually working for someone else so there are is a &#34;real&#34; bad guy. And have a storyline in there of how the secret service and the FBI screwed up. But the remainder of the show would be the FBI against this new bad guy and of course, saving the day.Anyway, this is bad. I could probably pick apart every scene. The suspense is forced. The story itself should produce the suspense. Suspense is not just drawing out a situation, making us wait wait wait for an outcome that we know is coming.At the end of the episode the bottom line seemed to be... what would you do to protect your child?... Well, it didn't seem that any of those high-powered parents did very much to protect their child by putting them on a bus for a field trip with no protection. So I guess the answer is... not so much... along with my rating.
Every once is a blue-moon someone makes an excellent movie or tv version of a Stephen King novel. This is not one of those times. Like most King translations, Under the Dome is extremely poor, and a tremendous letdown compared to the original material. The primary flaw with Under the Dome is the unbelievably poor acting. Only two actors are doing an acceptable job (Big Jim and his son), and neither of them are main characters. There are other problems as well, but that one alone is enough to make this series a definite "pass" to anyone who places value on decent acting.
I thought me, my mom and step father would like this show so I set it to record on our FIOS.  It started out good.  I was interested in what was going on.  Then something happened.  With every episode it got wortse and worse.  Let me tell you why.  First, every episode, a lawyer, his wife, lawyers brother and brothers girlfriend escape military trained killers.  EVERY time.  At first I thought, they couldn't kill the people because they would get arrested.  Everyone would blame them.  But then I realized something.  No body execpt for about 5 people know what is gong on.  It's not like thousands of people know who is after them.  They could go on the street, shoot them in the head and run.  No one would ever know who did it.  Another thing that bothered me was when the lawyers wife would go talk to his clients about their case.  Would never happen.  Something else that annoyed me was a few episodes ago.  They had the man behind the stuff, the judge saw things that showed he did it, then she said she couldn't use it in cort because the lawyer acted as law.  Freaking crazy right?  Then the last episode, the way it ended made everything pointless.  It is as if they just said "ok were done with this" and ended it.  What a complete waste of time.  It's not even worth watching the first episode.Oh, another thing, an episode comes on, builds up, up, up goes on commercial, comes back on and starts building up to something new.  It is crazy.  They need to build up the story through the episode and stick with one thing.  They never solve anthing.  It's like you put a bunch of problems in a jar, stick your hand in and pull one out and that is whats next.
Heroes Season 2 is not as good as Season 1 due to the writer's strike. It would have likely been the end of the show if they didn't move a head with Season 2, but the show did suffer some. There are a lot reviews for Heroes Season 2 that point out the many flaws and give spoilers, so I don't need to do that here. My only observation is that the some of characters acted completely... well out of character, and a lot of plot devices were used to move the weaker plot lines along. If Season 1 wasn't as good as it was, this Season would not have been so disapointing.Still all of that said, you need to watch Season 2 to get to Season 3, so recommended for the Heroes fan.
This was my first try at rent a series which has, to me unknown actors.  Bice relationships between a few of the characters
Well, this show started out okay, but has now degenerated into the &#34;pin it on Mark Valley&#34; hour. The network can end this tragedy at any time and I will miss it not one bit.
I was hoping for a scientific treatment of the theory but this is completely fake and a waste of money: http://www.snopes.com/photos/supernatural/mermaids.asp
With the land before time being an old favorite of mine as a kid I figured I couldn't go wrong getting this for my toddler and baby to watch they love the dinosaurs
This series seems to be primarily a romance series with a little police procedural thrown in. And romance between co-workers?  That's a situation so ripe for disaster I could not stomach the thought of enduring more.
This show is mostly for female agenda. I must admit I think when you can't find anything else on, this will satisfy anyone.
I guess it just isn't my thing. I like football and thought it would be fun, but just didn't make me laugh or care or whatever it should make me want to do. It felt a little bit hack to me, but I see it is getting good reviews so maybe I just don't get it.
Premise not totally believable but I'll go with the fantasy but silly, tired, NCIS cute crap, turned me off. Seems the Brits make better spy TV shows.
After loving Debbie Macomber's Cedar Cove book series, I was excited to learn a TV program had been developed but so far the translation from print to TV has been a disappointment. Andie MacDowell is great in her role as the &#34;town leader&#34; as the only sitting judge but also a member of a respected and loved family in Cedar Cove. However, besides the casting of Andie MacDowell as Olivia the other actors don't live up to my expectations for the characters. I wish there were more well-known actress and actors instead it is cast of unknowns who don't have any special chemistry together especially the chemistry the viewers who had read the book series  would expect the who people who live, work and raise their families in the small community of Cedar Cove.  As a Hallmark Channel production, I guess they didn't have the budget for better know actors and it is a real shame because there is so much potential with the material from the Cedar Cove book series. It reminds a bit of  the eccentric town in Gilmore Girls without the chemistry the actors had with each other on Gilmore Girls. As I think of it, many of the Gilmore Girl cast members would be perfect for the Cedar Cove residences. Lauren Graham would have been a great in the role played by Andie MacDowell, an actor like Rob Estes (Melrose Place and The Women's Murder Club) would be great as Jack, Olivia's love interest. I could recast the entire show but I'm trying to be patient and come to know the actors and enjoy the story lines in the mean time.
Started out with a very interesting plot but quickly got weird. If you liked lost you might like this. By the end of the episode your left with a sense that this series will end with everyone waking up from a dream.
I love how Amazon is allowing viewers to play a role in determining what shows they develop in the future.  Very cool.  Bosch is the first pilot I watched, simply because it had the most reviews.  I have not read the books, but friends who have, tell me they love the character.  So I was prepared to be wowed and entertained.  Unfortunately, I found the show rather slow.  From my friends, I understand that Bosch is a heroic character, but I didn't get that from the pilot.  I was left wondering if he was a good cop or a bad cop.  Particularly after the ending.  Did he get emotional because he cared about the poor boy that had been abused, or was he abused in a similar manner, or was he feeling guilty because he'd been an abuser?  It was hard to tell.  I imagine this could be a good show, but after watching the pilot, it did not exactly leave me wanting more.
Elijah Wood is repugnant in the sex scenes. He should stick to playing elfs.  The script and plot are boring and badly executed. There are some fine actors stuck in this awful mess. Don't waste your time.
This program is interesting in that it purports to show standard police work by a metropolitan police force; in this case working on homicide cases.  It is rather matter of fact and really lacks excitement, but then that is probably much more accurate than when watching one of the many police related shows.  Ordinary police work is quite mundane and involves little of the excitement normally shown.  In summary, interesting, but far from gripping!
Bad. Did not watch past first ten minutes.
Super interesting storyline but I just didn't love the way they told her story. I was definitely disturbed but aside from the parts portraying the abuse aNd mistreatment of Linda, I was bored with the rest of the plot. If u have netflix instant, it's available on there free with membership. Too bad they didn't add that Til AFTER I blew my dough on this rental. Peter Saaragard is beyond creepy and by all men's considering his real life interest in marrying underage girls, he was perfect for this role. Amanda Seyfried was great too but the story could have been so much better. Want edit o love it but didnt
The basic idea for this plot is somewhat interesting and the acting okay.  Personally, I am weary of women detectives who look like they stepped out of a fashion magazine but who despite their youth and beauty are presented as hard-as-nails veterans.  Just not believable.  Let's get some mature, imperfect women in these roles.
Intellectually and entertainingly void of any value. Kind of like a high school home movie that went viral.  Drunks gone wild.
I gave this series two stars to be kind.  It has very little if any redeeming value to it.  Those that like to see borderline pornography may enjoy he series but I am not one of those people.  I am surprised that David Ducovny , who has played good roles would even consider this series.  Well if I say any more I would cease to be kind.Knight68
SEEMS THAT THEY ARE REALLY TRYING TO PLAY OFF &#34;DANCE MOM'S WITH ABBY MILLER&#34; EXCEPT THERE ARE TWO DANCE COACHES ONE WHO IS LIKE ABBY AND ONE WHO PAMPERS THE KIDS, AND IT IS TWO BROTHERS WHO RUN THE COMPANY, THEIR MOTHER RUNS THE DESK AND TAKES CARE OF THE DANCE MOMS.
It could be better. So the virus makes this TV series another The Walking Dead type show with a different plot and story but the virus does pretty much the same as AMC's The Walking Dead. The writers could of been more creative than THAT!!!! LOL! Overall, I like the show but it's on a tightrope for disaster if writers make one stupid move in their writing. It has it's corny moments which make you question if this is serious or not. I LOVE the soundtrack. The Music: the jazz/medical office waiting room music is hilarious. So....we will see...
Ever wonder what Samus did before the world was infested with tentacle monsters for her to go around blasting? Well this is it. You can watch the early days of Sam as she sports her blond boy cut and bandaged blaster arm as she travels through Mexico with a man that apparently graduated from the Nicholas Cage acting school. Yes, this is the movie we have all been waiting for Metroid fans! I cannot wait for the sequal when Sam finally puts her Gold and Red suit on and takes flight into space to find Mother Brain. Yes! This is the film of the year. Metroid the Other M(Montsters) the movie.
I'm reviewing the pilot of the 2nd season, not the show in general. First take is Moe is the new Barry, the outlandish outsider, '[Moe] looks like a gay pimp', doubtful he'll be nearly as fun as Barry was.  The impression I get is that they had a great formula with S1, and now it seems *formulaic*; combine a goofy rich guy just having fun, a cutthroat businessman, a quarreling 'couple', the covert 'yokel' maverick and you are winning.  They just changed the geography but they are trying to reboot the tropes with a different cast of characters.  Not that this is a bad thing, it's just what's obvious to me.
I don't know why this show is getting such good reviews it isn't even the slightest bit funny. And the characters are annoying and horrible at acting. like I said this series is just extremely overrated.
Let's stipulate that Halle Berry is a beautiful and talented actress.  Based on this show we can safely conclude that beauty and talent are not enough to save a mediocre script.  Alone in a CGI space something or other Ms. Berry becomes mysteriously pregnant, apparently by the ghost of her dead husband (?).  The Space Agency's medical director agrees to conceal this salient detail from the agency.  Had enough yet?  It gets worse.  A parallel plot re-cycles, almost verbatim, the basic elements of "Artificial Intelligence", Mr. Spielberg's 2001 mess about creating a child-robot (android).  Not to be confused with the child Ms. Berry's character is purportedly bearing. The whole thing is stirred into a thin soup of bad dialogue and mediocre acting.  BTW:  I agree in general with the Infinite Loop review (see above).  Originality is not on display here.
V/H/S (Adam Wingard et al., 2012)Everyone and their mothers has already weighed in on V/H/S, and they have all said the same thing: "it's too damn long." Add my voice to the chorus; this is a two-hour movie that should have been 1:40 tops. Bloody-disgusting's Brad Miska, who put the whole thing together, didn't feel the need (or have the know-how, I'm not sure which) to cut this down to a length where it would have worked. That's a shame, because a number of talented directors turned in halfway decent work here, and some of it would have benefitted from a bit of trimming.First off, there's Adam Wingard's framing device, "Tape 56." This had the most egregious material; we could have easily lost half of the beginning segment without losing anything from the movie at all. The story involves a bunch of roustabouts who break into a house in order to steal a videotape; they find the owner dead and a whole lot of tapes, and have no idea which one they're supposed to grab, necessitating them watching a whole lot of them.Then comes "Amateur Night", directed by David Bruckner (The Signal). Given how much I enjoyed The Signal, I'm disappointed to report this is the weakest entry in the lot, lacking Bruckner's humor and insight; it could have easily found its way to the cutting room floor complete. Bruckner does good work, he just didn't do it here."Second Honeymoon" is the entry from Ti West (The House of the Devil), the most accomplished filmmaker of the bunch. And up until the final few minutes, this tale of a married couple being stalked by a mysterious figure on a roadtrip is the best of the bunch; unfortunately, the "twist" ending is just ludicrous. While the rest of the short is of Innkeepers quality, the ending is The Roost quality. And Ti West is a filmmaker who should never, ever go back and revisit his roots.Then comes Glenn McQuaid (I Sell the Dead)'s "Tuesday the 17th", in which a group of friends goes out to the woods to have a good time and finds themselves stalked by a seemingly otherworldly serial killer. It's not a bad concept, and it's not bad execution, though it's nowhere near as good as I Sell the Dead, McQuaid's sole feature-length release to date. This is one where judicious editing could have helped, but given the rest of the segments here, this one comes off as middle-of-the-road; it's not great, but it's not as bad as a few of these.Next, "The Sick Thing that Happened to Emily When She Was Younger", helmed by Joe Swanberg (the male lead in "Second Honeymoon"); this is the one where it's most obvious a firmer hand in the cutting room would have been a great idea. Trimmed by even a few minutes, especially at the end, this would have easily been the movie's creepiest, most effective tale, about a girl who believes her apartment is haunted, told completely through Skype sessions with her husband, who's away on business. Excellent stuff that suffers from a lack of pacing throughout and a truly weak ending (had it stopped about three minutes before it does, it would have had much greater impact). Swanberg (Kissing on the Mouth) is a director with a great deal of potential, but like any director, he needs to get the right crew working with him, and he didn't have the right editor on this one.Finally, the four-man team known as Radio Silence turn in "10/31/98", the best short here, about a group of friends who misread the address on an invitation and end up going to the wrong house indeed looking for a Halloween party. These guys did their own editorial work, and they did it very well; this is the best-paced segment of the bunch by far (though it probably still could have lost a minute or two towards the beginning), tight, funny when it's supposed to be and tense the rest of the time. A little predictable once you get to the meat of the story, but the journey, not the destination, is the thing here.It certainly doesn't live up to all the hype, and I sincerely hope Miska, who is already wrapping up the sequel (S-VHS), learned from the mistakes that were made with this one. On the other hand, it's not as bad as you've heard, if you ignore the hype and go into it with no expectations. It certainly could have been miles worse. ** 
I really could not watch.  Not my kind of movie.  It must be some sort of reality based film, couldn't get through more than five minutes.
To put it shortly Season 1 was great. The story was fresh, the dynamics between the characters were interesting, the photography was gorgeous and to back it all up with had this tale and storyline of a woman attempting revenge on her father's ex employee who framed him for a crime he didn't commit. Splendid! You could almost feel the essence of the story it did seem like a classic tale however this series unfortunately has extended itself too long and over welcomed it's stay.What was once a thrilling story of seeking justice, double crossing, plotting and betrayal is now nothing but an over exaggerated, melodramatic and annoying scene after scene of muffled twists and turns. Too many things are thrown at us it's hard to keep track of what exactly is going on. Too much of something is really not that good and sometimes simplicity is key!It's one thing to create a masterful logic complicated plot, to keep things interesting however it's a completely another matter to hoard this plot to death! The purpose of Emily's ever existence in the lives of the Graysons was to seek revenge and that idea although persistent and toyed with is no longer the spotlight of the series I'm afraid.A plot about revenge is never intended to take this long, this story would've made much more sense and would've been fantastic if it was introduced as a mini series of 10 episodes per season instead of a full on show. Much less complications and far more superior writing. If we were to crop out all the unnecessary details and uncalled for twists and turns we would've ended summing up the whole 3 seasons to a 2 hour movie. That's just how much contrived scenarios are being shoved down our throat. Of course the viewer can't help but watch out of curiosity for what's going to happen next and how this whole endeavour is going to finally end, but that doesn't make the journey pleasing in fact it's very painful to watch.And don't even get me started on the latest twist from the latest episode, after making us set through three seasons the writers want to punish us by telling us that the cause of the series was a false one to begin with! It's almost like they just made that up last minute to get people to watch the following season because they know that everyone is getting bored with this show. I hate how the characters end up getting ADD or going through constant Bipolar sessions. It's almost like no one is ever certain of who they are and yes it is confusing and stolen from a million dozen storylines made before hand! The writing is just lazy.If you're going to ever watch this show then don't watch it pass the first season and second season. The third season is just a claustrophobic disaster.
Bad acting worse story line, dump it now. Really, reallym, really, really bad! Do not waste your time. Please do not make this series.
Maybe I've outgrown MST 3000 but I didn't find this very funny.  The movie was bad but it didn't offer enough faults give the crew something to work with.
I like the main actor. After watching Stargate: Atlantis, I went looking for something else he was in. There is not a single likable character. I was very disappointed.
The Mindy Project is a "comedy" I don't find it funny when a successful doctor acts like an insecurity teenager.  "Mindy" may have graduated medical school and practices medicine but is a "project" because she isn't in a relationship. This show sends a horrible message to young women.
What can I say?  I really was expecting more from a series that had Kevin Bacon and James Purefoy in it.  I love both of those actors and I'm a big fan of E.A. Poe, so I really was looking forward to this.  Unfortunately, I was unimpressed.
My children have been fans of the Dr Who reboot since the very first Ecclestone episode "Rose." The first episode of the Matt Smith Doctor was a brilliant tour-de-force, far superior to Russell T Davis' transition from Ecclestone to Tennant. But... Moffat seems unable to perform the job RTD performed. Each episode feels rushed. The Doctor is invariably manic, the action races by, and... we don't really care. The emotional depth that was present with the two previous incarnations has been abandoned in favor of a more cartoon-like approach that frankly doesn't live up to the standard we hope for with this iconic show. The latest episode Cold War was closer to the spoof alien movie Paul than to anything worthy of the Doctor's imprimature. At one point I almost expected the Ice Warrior to offer Clara a splif - it was really that bad. It's instructive to re-watch the earlier series, especially Series One and Series Three, to see what this show is capable of becoming at its best. At its worst it's nearly a parody of itself, which is a very unwelcome echo of the old days, the end-game of which was cancelation due to audience fatigue. It may be time for the BBC to recognize that while Moffat was capable of creating some very superior individual episodes under RTD's reign as show-runner, he's apparently not capable of handling responsibility for maintaining quality across an entire series. And while it was brave to assign the role of Doctor to such a young actor, it may be time for Smith to pass the baton to someone with greater dramatic range. All in all, this feels like dog days for the Doctor.
The characters were funny but the show is too blah...not all developers are males in early twenties. I stopped watching it after 10 minutes.
Sad attempt at humor. Poor acting to boot. Why is this a popular series? There is sooo much TV that is good, why does this get good ratings??!!
I really don't understand why this show was brought back. There are too many characters every one of them irritating, and none of them are sympathetic. There's constantly too much uproar and turmoil among them and around them as the plots are confusing and uninspiring. The leader, a doctor, is a pompous and inept person with an agenda to promote specially gifted people he calls "alphas" but who are generally antisocial and even dangerous unless he alone can get them to behave civily for a few moments per episode.  The special gifts are already boring--example: the close up of the "strong man's" arteries as he pumps up. I can't stand "Gary" the human fiber optic reader. He's neither engaging nor cute, never funny, just a thorn in the side of all because he's special but wait, they are all special! He don't care. He's more specialer.  Just that character alone is so annoying I don't plan to spend any more time "with him" watching this. This show should have vanished along with "3 inches", a show about a guy with telekinetic powers but could only do it as far as 3 inches. At least that had some humorous potential. This show is as interesting as some car ads. By the time it's over you've forgotten what was being advertised. I don't own this but I was requested to review the show.
I don't care for this version of BG. First, Boomer and Starbuck are women they should have made them men. Don't get me wrong their should be women fighter pilots but because they were 2 of the main characters practically every episode was about sexual intrigue, jealousy, and who's sleeping with who this week. Secondly, they use bullets instead of lasers. My guess is the producers did this to save money on special effects. Third, the society of this advanced culture still has people smoking and alcoholics and they haven't even cured cancer. A society enlightend and advanced as this(at least 100-200 years or more advanced than earth) would have cured the addiction of smoking and acoholism and/or outlawed it. Almost every actor was a drinker, smoker or both. I suspect tobacco companies and alcohol beverage companies paid the actors and probably the producers under the table to smoke in the series. They also would have cured cancer and almost every other disease. It looks like they were practicing 1940's medicine.
First up, I've been a vegan for nearly a year and I can attest to the transformational effects it has on your health, fitness, attitude and lifestyle. I've been a single-person marketing campaign for films such as Forks Over Knives and Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead, both of which illustrate effectively the positive effects of a plant-based diet (beer is plant based, woo-hoo). Personally, I think the biggest negative of veganism is the stereotyped baggage that follows which I try to fight all the time - vegetable eaters aren't all smoking weed in their drum circles trying to fight the man.While I support any effort to show people how the Western diet is bad for your health, this film comes across as more of a PETA commercial than an attempt to follow 3 people willfully changing their lifestyle. I'm completely against the way that mass farm treats animals but spreading the vegan word must surely come from illustrating the gains that individuals make rather than having a political agenda about animal treatment. That said, what is shown in the film in the animal processing facilities is disturbing and the public should be aware - but let's make that a focus of a different film.For me, this film lacked the journey promised in the subtitle about following 3 New Yorkers becoming vegan which could have been funny, personal, touching and dramatic. As a contrast, I think Forks Over Knives is a substantially more approachable film for non-vegans and doesn't press the animal cruelty buttons to guilt people into quitting hamburgers.
I read a couple of these books a while back and liked them ok. I think I would have enjoyed this more if it wasn't the same old thing--hero has personal problems with alcohol that keep getting in his way, but he manages to catch the bad guy anyway. I guess I've read and seen too many of these stories in the past to make them interesting in the present. Otherwise I thought the writing was very good and the story interesting enough to keep me watching to the end. Actually I always watch or read to the end even if I hate a story. Probably a bad habit. I didn't hate this story though. Just don't like reading about another hard guy with an alcohol problem as much as I used to.
It's both exciting and shocking to see these women so deeply entrenched into mob lifestyle and still try to make their own mark despite it.
Why people should expect a movie to emulate a book makes no sense. They are totally different mediums with their own strengths to be taken advantage of and weaknesses to be avoided. They are separate stories that share a common bond. Example: I thought "Help" was better as a book (actually what my imagination created) than as a movie but the movie had it's acting strengths.As far as "Bag of Bones" it was too formula driven and loaded with stereotypes. Usual writer searching for inspiration; loses wife; goes to rural Maine (of course); encounters murder mysteries; has dreams; has romantic affair; things turn inexplicably on and off; windows/doors/drawers open & close; bad townsfolk are hiding a secret; spirits appear; spirits lose power when dug up. Help! How repetitively redux.Acting was OK but dialogue sounds like it came from a too cloistered Hollywood writer - simply not realistic conversations. CGI effects of ghostly dead people was standard '40s movie making boring. Some effects were more laughable than scary such as lightning hitting a sign which happens to land on and kill some townsfolk (cheaply shown as an old pickup catching fire) and a tree that looks sort of human shaped that gives a jolt when touched, finally a CGI face appears on the trunk while a branch or two take a swat at our hero-writer (the trees in "Alice..." and in "Wizard of Oz" were scarier).
Last season was so much better.
MINOR SPOILERS:I am a big fan of Tricia Helfer from Battlestar Galactica, Chuck et al.  However, the aforementioned opening scene along with Ms. Helfer stripping down on several occasions, was essentially all that was compelling about the first episode of Killer Women (KW).Yes, there was an explosion and some other assorted violence, which seemed contrived.  Also, Episode 1 started to lay the ground work for back stories:1.) A soon to be ex abusive husband2.) A budding romance with a DEA Agent3.) A terse relationship with her former PD bossLooking at previews for future episodes, I am thinking about petitioning for a title change to "Attractive Killer Women".  Alternative titles:Buffy's Who Kill!Felons in Thongs!Babes Gone Bad!Guns, Girls & Gorgeous Cops!She's So Good With Her Stiletto!There was nothing in episode 1 to validate the marketing hype for the series.  Will I watch future episodes for the eye candy alone (ladies, the guys are attractive as well)?  Perhaps, though unless the storylines picks up, to keep my interest, I am going to need to see progressively less clothing on Ms. Helfer et al and perhaps even a shift off the network to Cinemax late night.
See my review on season 1, it only disappoints more in the end.  Watch and you'll see, not terrible but just lazy.
It's interesting to think about life in POMPEII on the fateful day Mount Vesuvius errupted and ended life in the thriving city. The movie POMPEII caught my attention and I was imagining a somewhat historical tale of love and life in the time of disaster.It seemed like the filmmakers took the idea of a volcano errupting and worked a fantastical tale around it that is as ordinary as they come. Gladiator slave falls in love with rich beautiful young lady who is pursued by an evil politician.  There is so much to tell about POMPEII and the lives of ordinary citizens and the frantic desperate moments when they realized they were doomed.Buffed and chisled Kit Harrington loses his family in Britain and ends up in Pompeii as a slave who is fighting gladiators in the arena. He's again Jon Snow from GAME OF THRONES only in a different setting and time period. He does his best and lovely Carrie-Ann Moss always is worth watching. Maybe more of their love story in a different setting would have been more exciting.Kiefer Sutherland is the evil Roman Senator and Sutherland plays his character with some sort of stilted Briish accent. Why do characters set in ancient Roman times always speak with British accents?It seems like POMPEII has a sprinkling of the STARZ series SPARTACUS with its gladiator theme. The main action begins in the last part of the film as Mount Vesuvius finally errupts. Here is where the real story should be given more attention as terrified and desperate people are trying to escape while others are resigned to their fates.I watched the bonus feature about the volcano and the filmmakers say they followed the writings of Pliny the Younger who was a witness to the disaster. They said they followed Pliny's description of the erruption and the effects on the Bay of Naples. Imagine people trying to flee by ship on the unforgiving waters.  Here would be a fascinating story and it is addressed to some degree. Some of the visual effects are great. Others look fake.An attempt was made to tell an interesting story in the time of disaster but the whole film falls apart.
I admit that I didn't watch the final episodes, as they turned Michael into a murderer. I watched the show to see a hero, not another tired anti-hero like on some crappy AMC show.
No one wanted to believe it, but it's obvious that Chris Carter is pretty much done as a creative mind. Similar to Kohan/Mutchnick, there's no diversity in the storytelling, so all we remember is that one hit. Just finished it, would not watch this anymore.Usually pilots can have a slow build and get stronger. This started strong and got worse. Get Aldis Hodge and Adrian Pasdar better vehicles please. Pass.
This series was listed as 'suggested viewing.' Fault to me for not reading why it was suggested. Thirteen episodes later? Possible reasons are an interest in military medicine and forensic pathology. The episodes offer a reasonable account of several cases that I actually remember. The reenactments and the ability to follow the actual thought processes of those involved with both criminal and forensic aspects is well presented. The diagrams and conclusions of experts in multiple fields of criminology is definitely a positive. It certainly doesn't resemble my usual military history documentaries! Just because I stumbled into this doesn't mean that I wouldn't recommend the series for those with an interest in this genre. Not a 'TV person' so I have no reference point for a comparison. The personal interviews add the dimension of reality.
Love how these guys stumble around finding folks from the other side.  This particular &#34;volume&#34; was too technical.  Get real guys and leave the checklist to your grocery shopping.
Yolanda is oh so superior.  She imagines she takes the moral high ground (that whole rotten apples analogy was ridiculous and made her sound stupid), and her worship of that husband of hers is nauseating.  Mark my words, the Yolanda and what's his name marriage will be finished within five years. Just as an aside, Kyle has the worst taste in the entire universe.  Truly hideous clothes she has chosen for her store.  Does anyone take this stuff seriously?  These women stand for much of what is wrong with America, IMO.  It embarrasses me that people in foreign countries might see this program and think that this is what American women are all about.  Oh, but wait a minute, Yolanda is from Holland isn't she, and she just soars above the others in awfulness.  (I realize that I am watching it and find it to be the best in icky entertainment.And dear little Kim, struggling to stay sober and wanting these awful people to support her when they are just waiting for her to fail.  They are the wrong support system for you, Kim.  You would be wise to keep your distance and seek support from those who understand your struggle.One more thing, I do absolutely love Jiggy and Lisa's sweet, sweet husband, who carries Jiggy around happily. Lisa lucked out with that man, I think.  He is the best of the lot.
So I'll admit that I've seen a lot worse, which is why I'm giving it a 2 instead of a 1. However, the effort the filmmaker made to tastefully satirize the horror genre was WEAK. My suggestion is that you do not waste your time on this unpleasantly cheesy, poor excuse for a spoof. It's not even something you'd find entertaining when drunk.
it was a bit strange of a perspective,  so definitely see this as a cult movie, or a niche taste.
The plot has Nelson Mandela's blacks fighting against the poor Zulu blacks. The Zulus are too poor to join Mandela's boycott of work so they fight on the side of the white power structure against the group that is attempting to empower them. Meanwhile four white photographers are out taking photos of the clashes and killings so we can have something to look at when we eat our Rice Krispies.The film is designed to ask the question, "Are photographers vultures or leeches?"  and "When do you put down the camera and help?" I didn't like the fact you didn't have to think about the theme of the film...it was too overt. I like to dig for it. I didn't get attached to the privileged characters shooting pain and suffering. I had a hard time getting involved in the conflict of poor oppressed people fighting poor oppressed people. I really need a David vs. Goliath type story. The movie had some good scenes and a lot of scenes that simply replayed the theme. Okay, we get it.F-bomb, brief sex and nudity
Quick Overview: After a nuclear crisis the human race took to space for hundreds of years. Running out of resources they have quickly developed a one-strike rule for criminals. Any violation is grounds for death. Taking a chance officials sent a group of 100 jailed teens to test Earth. They hope it is once again life sustaining. Humanity depends on it.The promise of the plot is phenomenal. The delivery however is lacking. So far it has turned out to be just another drama aimed at teens. There is a bit of romance and hormones mixed with survival and power struggle. Not anything new.The season is still early so I hope the story telling steams ahead. Otherwise, it just turns into another one of many.
What is Meri's deal? Truly - she has one child who is almost out of the house, and she needs a 5 BEDROOM HOUSE? If I were Jenelle, I would be livid. Not cool and not fair to the other wives who need more of the budget to keep their broods in clothes, food and supplies. I am totally annoyed with Meri!
The entire time I was watching the film, I had the feeling that half of it had ended up on the cutting room floor, leaving huge gaps in the script. The entire production felt rushed as we jumped from scene to scene, so I can't help but think the movie would have profited from an additional half an hour running time.Though the era is recreated fairly well,  more attention could have been paid to the spirit of the times--the sexual revolution and showing why Deep Throat was such a hit with mainstream audiences.Linda's character, a wide eyed innocent, remains the same until the final  minutes when we fast forward to the 1980's and the Donahue show. Peter Sarsgaard as Linda's sleazy husband does nothing that Eric Roberts didn't do better thirty years earlier in Star 80; James Franco is woefully miscast as High Hefner, while Azaria, Noth and Mazar are just about perfect in their roles--though lacking in depth and development.Amanda Seyfried is as cute as pie and charming but gave a much more powerful performance as the young call girl in Cloe while Sharon Stone is surprisingly good as Linda's  repressed, bitter and cold mother.I say, skip it, and see the marvelously well done Boogie Nights or Wonderland instead.
I get suckered into a lot of lousy shows by the "hype" surrounding the show and all the glowing reviews here on Amazon and in the mainstream media.  This show is another one of those "con" jobs.  Sorry, folks, but this show is just plain lousy.  It's depressing.  It goes nowhere.  The characters constantly bicker and fight.  Almost all the characters are a-holes, jerky, uninteresting, unlikable, unsympathetic.  In short, this show was torture to watch.  And still believing the hype, I tortured myself more by watching seasons 2 and 3, hoping, praying, the show would somehow get better.  It doesn't.  The premise is good.  It could have been a good show.  But it is just written so poorly--unlikeable protagonists, cliched bad guys, a story that does not evolve--so the promising premise is never developed into anything good.  Even Bryan Cranston (who is a truly outstanding actor) seems bad in this.  His character has two notes, he's either bitter or angry.  The people who should be bitter and angry are the people who get conned into watching this gratingly bad show.
I so want to like this show!!! second season begins with one of the book stories, one I found particularly difficult to swallow. In it, the sheriff makes one lousy decision after another, each one compounding the previous. the situations are so preposterous that the episode becomes laughable, which is not what the writers intended, i'm sure. The cast is good, i like the casting of everyone, but it just can't seem to get going. the characters and situations have no depth, they just skim across the surface, sadly. the beauty of the books is the backstory and the interaction between vic and longmire, and bear and longmire. both of those relationships are drastically changed int he tv series, much to its detriment. additionally one of the best elements of the story, the reclusive indian (cannot remember the characters name) is missing entirely from this version. ugh. just terrible. won't be purchasing any more episodes.
I may have chuckled once during this episode (Amazon Prime only includes the first episode).Basically, the episode relies on juvenile bathroom humor.  Character development is poor and unless you're a stoner I doubt you'll find much redeeming social value in the situation or the characters' approach to it.
This is definitely a good and original film. The story has a nice message and the actors were all excellent in their roles.
I should just keep my mouth shut.  But could not tolerate this show at all.  Lame.  They just recycled the Stargate saga, but out came trash.  I love the Stargate stuff, but this was just lame lame lame.
At first I thought it would be a mad max type of movie but it wasn't at all interesting or my type.
Assuming the slot previously occupied by the hugely successfulUnder the Dome, Hostages is CBS's bid to capture a new audience, against competition that includes Monday Night Football.The Jerry Bruckheimer production gets off to a promising start, introducing the principal characters, and setting the stage for the events to come.  Something has driven once dedicated FBI Special Agent Duncan Carlise (Dylan McDermott,The Practice) to extreme measures, as he leads an armed group that invades the home of Dr. Ellen Sanders (Toni Collette, The United States of Tara), and takes her family hostage.Dr. Sanders is scheduled to perform an operation on President Paul Kincaid (James Naughton), and Carlisle informs her that unless she follows his directions to kill the President, her husband Brian (Tate Donovan), daughters Sawyer (Lola Cook) and Morgan (Quinn Shephard), and son Jake (Mateus Ward) will be executed.The debut episode closes with the President's surgery delayed, and a defiant Dr. Sanders prepared to battle the terrorists.  Various plot elements are in place that will obviously become factors later, but the key question is how will this series maintain credibility, and sustain tension throughout its duration.  Constant threats become tiring, and the Sanders family are not a particularly likeable group, so Hostages would appear to face some significant challenges in the weeks ahead.
In the not too distant future where George Bush has somehow fluked his way into another term as president, a chemo-virus has broken out in a small town. The Z-Squad is sent in to eliminate the problem, but a member of the squad gets infected and flees. He manages to to find refuge in an underground strip club, which has also been deemed illegal by the government of the future. The soldier takes a turn for the worse and finds himself a member of the undead only to take the club's biggest star as his first victim. She continues to dance and the odd thing is...the customers love it. Zombie strippers are the new sex appeal. As the money piles up, so do the victims. Will the chemo-virus continue to spread and if so...how will it be contained?First of all, don't be confused. This is movie is one of the cheesiest films ever. I almost turned it off several times and I honestly can't tell you why I'm reviewing this thing. The sad thing is it's like a trainwreck in slow motion. You can't look away from it once you start watching and you have to see not only how it's going to end, but who's going to make it out alive. Not that you really care, but you wonder whose really deemed worthy of surviving said trainwreck. It is ludicrous, ridiculous, and absurd...but it's amusing as hell.How ridiculous is it? Let's see...strippers being turned into zombies and becoming super strippers, zombies being sexy, having the most stereotypical Mexican janitor...ever, the casts biggest names being Jenna Jameson and Robert Englund, special effects you'd find in Xena: Warrior Princess, a Christian stripping for her nanna, Jenna Jameson shooting ping pong balls and pool balls out her...well...I'll let you see that for yourself, angry dragons, and foamy chewbaccas...the list goes on and on. I'm sure I missed so many more. The sad thing is that despite being the cheesiest of cheese and being as bad as it is, there's still a few good things buried under the cheese. It's kind of like an enchilada made with cheap cheese. All the cheap stuff is on the outside, but there's some good stuff on the inside. The most obvious being that there's a lot of nudity in this, which is good because it'll probably be one of the only things that'll keep anyone watching. Robert Englund's over the top performance as the germophobic strip club owner is pretty memorable. Also, the make-up effects are surprisingly good at times. The special effects are horrid, but the make-up is actually better than you think it'd be.In a film as ridiculously cheesy as this, I can't blame anyone if they turn it off before it reaches the half hour mark. The thing is though if you stick with it, it's actually enjoyable because it's so bad. It's cheesy, it's amusing, the acting is so bad that you'll be quoting it for days, the plot is pointless, and it even has a weak attempt at a twist in the ending! My point is that it's a bad film and I'm not defending it, but if you manage to sit through the whole thing...you may find yourself enjoying parts of it like I did.Rating: 4/10(most people will probably rate it a 1/10...if that)
The songs are horrible. The premise is that we are cool if we figure out that it is a parody of HuffPo. The writing does not make me happy. I love Bebe Neuwirth as an actor, but I just must stop this waste of money. All of the actors seem funny and capable and they sing well. The talented writers need to find something they love and believe in so it will not ring so hollow. Great quality in execution; the script should have been negated as not being funny.
I did like the Hailey character, but her story reminds me of the Jennifer Beal character in Flashdance.I didn't really care for anything else. It all seems like it has been done before.Highly unlikely that I will be watching anymore of this show.
Yes, I understand that this is technically &#34;kids&#34; programming but you know what? The &#34;kids&#34; grew up and were replaced by new ones with new TV tastes. It would be really interesting to know just what percentage of viewers who watch Marvel & DC related shows are actually 6 - 14 years old?So forgive me if I insult or omit anyone's favorite program when I opinion that it's a pretty pitiful state of affairs when cancellations and subsequent new programming have left us with not much else to consume than this irritating buffoonery. IGN rates this show 5.8 out of 10 while IMDB is slightly more generous in its 6.5 ranking. Either way, these numbers add up to a series case of &#34;mediocrity&#34;.Where are the creators like Bruce Timm & Christopher Yost, or the shows like &#34;X-Men&#34; - &#34;Spawn&#34; - &#34;The Maxx&#34; - &#34;Batman: TAS&#34; - &#34;Superman: TAS&#34; - &#34;Justice League (Unlimited)&#34; - &#34;The Spectacular Spider-man&#34; - &#34;The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes&#34;? Does anyone even understand how the same writer (Paul Dini) who produced &#34;Batman: TAS&#34; can also be involved in this &#34;Agents of S.M.A.S.H.&#34;? How did this all go so far astray?
I don't like that Amazon charges me a monthly charge and yet I am not able to watch streamed shows that I expected to be able to watch with the my monthly subscription.
I don't usually watch anything purely for entertainment--never have time.  I watched the 1st episode on a fluke and so continued on.  To me, the concept is intriguing and could be an interesting view of human nature but as a whole I think the show is basically tacky.
Poor Christian Slater.  After making his mark in the cult faves PUMP UP THE VOLUME and HEATHERS, his career has been less than meteoric.  His TV series including THE FORGOTTEN and forgotten films like DOLAN'S CADILLAC and LEFT IN DARKNESS bombed on arrival.  In PLAYBACK, he's a perverted lawman with a craving for videos of teen girls undressing.  But this is just a secondary plot in PLAYBACK.  The main focus is on five high-schoolers making a film on a young man who wiped out his family in 1994 before being killed in a police shootout.  And the psycho also videotaped his heinous crime.  Not to mention the infant who survived the massacre.  The students, aided by a weird videographer, recover those violent videos and thus begins our "RING-like" catastrophes.PLAYBACK managed to hold my attention---it has some inventive and gory scenes and a predictable twist ending.  Considering the awful dreck out there, PLAYBACK is worth a rental.  And Christian, get a new agent!
I am in a restaurant with a drunk friend yelling Lana every 5 seconds so I was compelled to figure out what he was tripping on.  And yes I binged the entire series for some strange reason.  Good show length.  Google the live actors for more fun watching.
Looking for an edgy TV police show, found a very slick, poorly written and acted show.  Lots of potential, none of it realized.
This season is simply ridiculous. Where did all these new characters come from? The science teacher just pops up out of nowhere and seems to be an expert in just about every specialty in science, engineering, skilled labor, farming, history, anthropology,etc. The barber and brother in law of big jim are two other characters that just make no sense. I'm totally turned off and won't be watching to see how this dome thing is resolved.
Took a chance on Season one (1) and enjoyed it. So I purchased streaming for Season two (2) with an anticipation of it topping Season one (1). Yeah ummmmm.........I was wrong.Anson Mount is a great actor and deliciously handsome (Cullen). He IS the show! But one character can only carry a series for so long.The series promoted (and executed well in Season one) Cullen's drive to exact revenge on the men who raped and murdered his wife and child while he was away fighting as a Confederate Solider in the Civil War. Season two (2) did not touch this tragedy.Season two (2)was the same story over and over with WAY too much emphasizing on Durant (Colm Meaney) .............railroad problems, Indian invasions,someone in a fist fight, hanging out at the Saloon getting drunk, Durant being a PIG morally and in business......SNOOZE.This would of been a good movie or mini-series but they are stretching this to be a "series".If they make a Third Season I won't be watching.Big fan of Anson Mount.Small fan of Hell on Wheels.
Outside of seeing well-proportioned Ashley Hinshaw ("Chronicle") in her birthday suit, there's not much to be said of this surprisingly not-very-sexy film about the porn industry.  Ms. Hinshaw is Angelina, an about to graduate 18 year old who decides not to finish high school but escape her miserable home life.  Her mother (Lili Taylor) is drunk most of the time.  Her step-dad is a hulking boozer himself who comes home looking for trouble and you just know he's not far from a molestation charge, either with Angel or her younger sister.After Angelina's rocker boyfriend (Jonny Weston) pawns her off on a buddy to in order to pose for some suggestive pictures for the internet, she decides she has enough money to escape Long Beach for San Francisco.  She drags along her best friend, Andrew (Dev Patel) and they move in together in a tight sublet with the owner (Vincent Palo) who is very gay, but to be clear, Andrew isn't.  This is one of the problems with the film.  The relationship between Angel and Andrew.  They sleep in the same bed, she usually in her undies or less.  He clearly has a thing for her but nothing happens?  Oh, they're just friends.  Puleeze.  At least make the guy gay.In any case Angelina goes for an interview with a porn studio.  Surprise, she gets the job.  Initially, just a one woman show for the internet and some stills.  Then she agrees to do some girl on girl.  And eventually boy-girl.  To Angel, now called Cherry, this is all just a job.  I'm guessing this is pretty accurate for performers in the industry.  But as you might expect, Andrew isn't keen on the idea, nor is Angel/Cherry's new boyfriend and rich social stud, Frances (James Franco).Another subplot involves one of the studio's directors, Margaret (Heather Graham), who clearly has eyes for Cherry herself.  Margaret must first shake loose from a live-in romantic relationship with her real estate agent girlfriend (Diane Farr).  Interestingly enough, Ms. Graham is no stranger to porn industry films, given her role as the always naked "Rollergirl" in Boogie Nights.  Here she manages to keep her clothes on but does go down on Ms. Farr's character.  When this relationship ends, we don't seem to care much.  This is a theme throughout the film.I do think the filmmakers took a weak stab at showing the business side of porn, but decided to move on to the tawdry aspects of the various pairings.  Some of the dialog in the film is ridiculous, bordering on laughable.  In spite of Cherry's cheeriness, this film is not a happy affair.Shot with HD cameras, the film looks just fine.  The resolution comes in at 1080p with a 1.85:1 aspect ratio.  Colors are very good, especially skin tones, which of course is very helpful in a movie like this that has plenty of skin.  Contrast and detail are excellent.  The audio is also very good with the DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 track.  There's not a lot going on in the surrounds, although there are some scenes in a strip club and the music resonates quite well.  Extras are limited to a trailer and a couple deleted scenes, both of which were rightfully excised.
I was looking forward to this show... I've always enjoyed the shows about time travel.  But I still don't understand what causes him to go back in time.... if it was explained I missed it.There were some clues that I guess were too subtle for me to catch as they happened, and I only 'got it' at the end of the show... Is that what they were going for?  Anyway.. I will probably watch one more episode, and then if it isn't any better I'll pass....
I wasn't paying good attention while watching this, was using it for background while cooking. Can't say it made me want to sit down and watch.  When I did, I kept falling asleep.  Annoying that only the first 3 episodes are included in Amazon Prime.  Might have had a better attitude toward it if included.
Yeah, I know, current (Christmas episode) isn't here yet, but then the episode hasn't come out yet.and no, I can't confirm that it -is- going to show up.Amazon Streaming is bad, but with Who it's the worst, Season 7 part 1, part 2, oh wait, Christmas is a different thing entirely....And you'd think that you'd be able to sign up for this stuff early on, then be able to relax and wait for it to arrive.But oh noes, can't do that.Been looking for Sherlock Season three for the past month.And don't get me talking about Newsroom Season 2...Still I'm reviewing what is there;The special, and the one mini-episode.Moderately entertaining, does miss out on some mini-webisodes as part of this whole thing.Nothing special, if you miss this (up to the point of the actual episode), you're not really missing all that much.Have high hopes for the special itself though.
My husband enjoys the eye candy and this is an easy watch with minimal violence and some humor.  Don't have to think too hard or pay that close attention to it.
This show is horrible.  I love satire, but the writers here seem to think that satire is the same as intentionally offensive.  I would say the jokes are bad, but I don't see them as jokes.  You also can't call it childish because of the graphic language, which does nothing to make the show better.  Bad acting, bad writing, bad behavior, bad show.
It's a dumb show but it does have some funny moments... I got it for the kids and they seemed to enjoy it.
The magnet in this series is 'Augie' a blind FBI agent who has phenominally developed senses.  He can almost see with his keen hearing and sense of presence.  A former Iraq war veteran who lost his sight in battle, and now he fights from a desk and his computer.  The star of the show, Piper Perabo, is an agent who always manages to complete her mission with Augie's help and at the pleasure of her boss, Joan, who is a captivating lady of capable leadership.
I wanted to love this film.  It has great cinematography, writing and acting.  However, I just didn't.  Slow and at times, painfully so.  I think it could have been shorter and made the point.  But it did make me want to read the book, which I'm looking forward to.  Irons never disappoints.
It had me for an Internet minute abd tehen I stumbled away.  I really like Constance Wu though - she was like 'Far out' . . more please.
If you follow this show you know that over the seasons they have started to focus on &#34;storylines&#34; about each member of the show (Rick, Cory, The Old Man and Chumley). I don't watch the show for this stupidity, I enjoy seeing the items that come in, learning about them and what they are worth.  I really wish they would focus on that more and less on these silly stories that no one cares about.
This was not my favorite.  Too much fowl language and degrading others.
This movie has a good plot. The ending is touching. It shows how great a mother's love for her child is. It moves at very slow pace. It has only a couple of suspenseful moments. The special effects is below par compared to those of Hollywood. This is also one of the reason  that makes the movie not so supenseful. It's worth watching once.
I really enjoy archaeology and this show fits the bill.  However, some of the conclusions are based on leaps of logic without enough evidence.  Still enjoyable though
This series seems a bit like Lost in reverse: everyone is stuck in the same place but can't explain why.  I cannot put my finger on why this show does not gel for me.  Some good bits and pieces, but they don't add up to an interesting whole.  I doubt if I will watch beyond episode four.
&lt;strong>Vanishing on 7th Street&lt;/strong> (Brad Anderson, 2010)I love Brad Anderson. I have always loved Brad Anderson. I think &lt;em>Session 9&lt;/em> is one of the five finest haunted house movies ever made. &lt;em>El Maquinista&lt;/em> is darned close to as good. Anderson's work on &lt;em>Fringe&lt;/em> over the past three seasons has been consistently top-notch. And then there is &lt;em>Vanishing on 7th Street&lt;/em>, and I have absolutely no idea how I feel about this movie, honestly. I'm more conflicted about this than I have been about any movie I've reviewed this year. On one hand, it has so many of the qualities that make me love Brad Anderson movies. On the other hand, it's a feature-length &lt;em>Fringe&lt;/em> episode.The plot: Luke (Hayden Christensen), a news anchor, wakes up one morning and finds everyone... gone. Well, pretty much everyone. Paul (John Leguizamo), on the other hand, is awake when it happens--he's a movie theater projectionist, and while he's not looking when it happens, he hears it all too well. We see their stories in parallel over the next few days as they wander the city trying to figure out where everyone went. Eventually, they run into Rosemary (Thandie Newton), a bar owner lucky enough to have a generator to keep the lights on, and James (Jacob Latimore in his first feature role), a smartass teenager, and the four of them unite against the forces of darkness. Literally. Oh, yeah, and there's a creepy little girl (&lt;em>Flipped&lt;/em>'s Taylor Groothuis) running around for no apparent reason.And that last sentence pretty much sums up everything that drove me nuts about this movie. In &lt;em>El Maquinista&lt;/em>, nothing made sense. Absolutely nothing. But you knew that eventually we'd get enough pieces of the puzzle to put it all together (and we did, though in the most ambivalent Big Reveal ever, which I thought was one of the strongest sequences in the movie). And you come into a Brad Anderson movie expecting that, eventually, we will get all those pieces. Here... and maybe this a spoiler, sorry if so... we never do. Nothing is ever explained. Sometimes, that can be a really good thing. Other times, not so much. I haven't quite figured out what the dividing line is yet, but I can tell you that in this case, "not so much" applies. You get to the final scene and I can't tell you why it's so infuriating without spoilers, but come on, now, you can't just &lt;em>leave&lt;/em> it like that if you don't have a whole season of Anna Torv looking for clues. But that's exactly what he does.Putting aside the major plot and thematic problems, it's not an awful movie given its framework. John Leguizamo is usually fun to watch, and this is one of his best performances since &lt;em>To Wong Foo&lt;/em>, while Thandie Newton's character is forceful and capable and exactly the person you'd want at your back in a firefight. Those two are reason enough to watch the film, though we tend to stay focused on the relatively dull Luke for most of the footage. ** 
Trying too hard and the good stories suffered.  Resolution if Julliett takes the whole season. Good but not as good as Season 1. Relies too much on romantic twists.
This is educational. I didn't know this: Texas, Florida, Hawaii have a wild hog problem that destroys crops, property, and keep people in fear.I didn't watch the whole season on episodes. Episode: catch hogs destroying property. After awhile I wasn't compelled to watch any further past episode 4.
There is nothing terribly unusual about Grabbers as B movies go; Love interest, monsters, clever attempts to destroy them. The idea that alcohol keeps them away was novel and there were a few funny scenes. This is not a gore fest which I especially liked about it. Don't expect huge laughs but its still an enjoyable little flick worth your rental dollar.
If you want to watch a bunch of idiots, who are too stupid to do anything to even really try to stay alive, then this is the show for you.  They have been living in this prison for almost a year now but have done almost nothing to improve thier position.  I would have raided every home improvement center for a hundrend miles and been pouring concrete by now.  Not to mention hauling in wind, solar and regular gas generators for power.  Simple steps.Speaking of raiding, You are driving around in the zombie apocolypse and you consistantly choose the small, hatchback hybrids?  Seriously?  I would be driving one of the hundreds of military Humvees, which have been sitting EVERYWHERE or, better yet, a good old Army 2 1/2 ton truck with a White multifuel engine.  Those things run forever, you can add armor, or, in this case, simple &#34;keep the zombies off protection,&#34; and the engince will burn anything flamable, even vegetable oil.  Plus they haul more than 2 tons of supplies and they sit up higher than a zombie can reach and can easily run over a whole pack of the things.Instead, these guys keep picking the cheasiest &#34;whimpmobile&#34; that they can find.After all this time, they still have not worked out a decent method for clearing a building or any other basic tactics.  Whenever they get new people in, instead of training them up to be a part of the team, they seem to try to ostricize them and then wonder why they have problems?  Plus, after living in this prison for a year, they have not even bothered to pick up any of the trash and then wonder why they have a outbreak of disease?  Wow, didn't see that one coming!A friend said that all of this is to ensure they &#34;have challenges each week.&#34;  Personally, I would rather see the &#34;challenges&#34; shich come from rebuilding and clearing out the zombies.  Restarting some kind of civilization and making things work again.  Not the ones which come because of the boneheaded things they keep doing.  I cancelled my TV Pass.
I am not sure about this one yet. I have to see more. The problem is lately all these kinds of shows look alike and is very hard to make some original and interesting, but I will watch a second episode.
Obviously, as all of the bad reviews indicate, Loss of Life has some problems, but I rather enjoyed it for the most part.  Of course, I&#8217;m a fan of low-budget found footage films in general, which makes me much more tolerant of mistakes and problems that the average moviegoer.  I can understand, though, why some viewers gave up on the film within the first half hour &#8211; not only does nothing really happen, you&#8217;re blasted with a cacophony of voices that make it impossible to hear all &#8211; or even much &#8211; of what is being said (I highly advise turning on closed captioning).  What you have is six young high school guys getting together and acting like &#8211; well, high school guys.  They&#8217;re all talking or yelling at the same time, doing stupid stuff for the camera, etc.  They&#8217;re all excited because it&#8217;s Halloween night and there&#8217;s a big party going down later on.  First, though, they stop off in some alley to do some filming for a &#8220;project.&#8221;  That&#8217;s when the movie finally kicks into gear.Suddenly, this young lady &#8211; beaten and bloody &#8211; runs toward them asking for help, and the next thing you know two dudes in creepy masks are shooting at them.  Rather than get in their SUV and drive away, they panic and run across the alley into a warehouse, thus beginning a deadly game of hide and seek that does feature some creepy moments along the way.  There&#8217;s a problem, though &#8211; these guys basically refuse to get away, even when they can do so rather easily, on numerous occasions.  When you&#8217;re hiding from psychos trying to kill you, there are just some things you don&#8217;t do &#8211; unless you&#8217;re these guys.  When trying to hide and stay hidden, you really shouldn&#8217;t make all kinds of noise bickering amongst yourselves; you shouldn&#8217;t just take some dude&#8217;s word that there&#8217;s no cell phone reception in the area (especially when you&#8217;re obviously in a decent-sized city); when given the car keys and told to go get help, you shouldn&#8217;t just sit in the car, argue for ten minutes, and then follow the bad guys back inside when safety is literally only a few dozen feet away.  Cowering inside the car with the bad guys just feet away, one of these guys actually turns on the camera light.The camerawork is actually quite good for a film of this type, combining clear footage from cell phones, a video camera, and security cameras.  I have no problem with the acting, either &#8211; the guys are certainly convincing as goofball teenagers, and they do convey plenty of fear once the bad guys show up.  The gore, while not excessive, is convincing enough, as well.  Unfortunately, the movie just can&#8217;t overcome the fact that these guys make incredibly stupid decisions &#8211; or that the first half hour is seemingly designed to turn casual viewers away.  All of the one-star reviews are perfectly understandable, but I personally still managed to enjoy the movie overall.  For me, there were some moments that were quite effective, and I did care about what happened to several of the characters.  And even though the plot is pretty formulaic, the movie doesn&#8217;t end quite the way you might expect it to.  If and only if you&#8217;re a fan of found footage horror, Loss of Life isn&#8217;t a total loss.
Not as funny, and Gibby as a grown-up is kinda sad.  Carly's older brother is not as cool this time around.  He just does the same ol' stuff.  Sad.
I wanted to love it, but it was bad. It focused too much on the stereotypical &#34;nerd&#34; problems gone awry. I hoped for better.
Mac (Seth Rogen) and Kelly (Rose Byrne) just had a baby and try to convince themselves that their life is not over and they are not old. When a frat house moves in next door lead by Teddy Sander (Zac Efron), their delusion is challenged as the film breaks down into our couple attempting to sabotage the overly noisy frat house, the one that invented toga parties and beer pong.The humor for the most part was low brow ,crude, and juvenile. It was predictable humor which translates into unfunny. The swearing and drug use was forced and unnatural. This is a me-too crude comedy that failed to stay above the water of a flooded basement.Zac takes his shirt off, a plus for the ladies, but they must sit through Seth showing off his mammoth butt during a sex scene.
I am writing this review while watching the movie, so I guess it says a lot about it. With the people involved in making this movie, this is such a disappointment.The style was directly copied from the director of Sin City & 300. , but the story line and the actors don't manage to carry out such a tricky atmosphere. I am not even sure there is any story line per se, which probably does not help. The actors don't seem convinced either, which probably explains why they are not convincing.If it comes for free, give it a try and fast forward if necessary. I regret paying for this rental.
Sci Fi by Steven King just OK nothing special, only show to watch on this time slot. Homeland is a bettet program, and the best is The Walking Dead.  Steven King can write better then The Dome.
I found the characters interesting and marginally plausible, but the story line was long....and unless you watched every episode carefully, you could lose the significance of some parts.  I watched the season in fairly rapid succession, but somehow lost or missed the reason that a particular person was being sought and the balance of the season had that as a central theme.  Said another way, you really need to watch the entire season and cannot easily come in at any point after that if you wish to understand what is going on.  Yes, each episode had sub-plots that had entertainment value, but the central plot was easily lost or diminished if you didn't have the full picture and seeing each and every episode was vital to that.
On the down side a somewhat well worn storyline of people suddenly waking up in some undisclosed secure location and having to fight or kill follow abductees to find freedom. Has been done in many manifestations before. Nothing new here; same overhead surveillance cameras with our hidden captor at first known only through their voice. Typical cage fighting - martial arts or whatever one can come up with for fighting. Back story, also done before, of wealthy audience being entertained throughout as inmates fight-for-life. Overacting, bad person roles especially; thus, not too believable. Ending scenes came across as even less believable and therefore viewer engaging.On the up side, follow up with the slightly similar "The Seasoning House".
I thought with these actors I could probably get interested but I just can't take a show seriously that hinges on something bad happening to the president.....wait, I'm sorry, in a dramatic voice, "The President of the United States". I tried to focus on the characters (I love Colette) but just kept feeling insulted. All that activity and effort for such a thing is too silly. Similar in a way to that show about the serial killer, "The Following" in that the bad guys are seemingly everywhere except as unlikely as that premise is at least they tried to make it interesting. This one is just, "oh no, the president!" Boring.
For the type of story this is, it's well written, well acted. Jeffrey Tambor is one of my favorite actors, ever since the days of Max Headroom; his portrayal of the attic dwelling patriarch in Arrested Development is classic. But I've got to admit that there are no characters in this show whom I care to spend any more time with. I don't like any of them. I wouldn't watch the show further. I'm not saying it is bad, just not my cup of tea.
If you are ok with fairly wooden acting, uninspired dialog, unimpressive mediocre special effects....AND, yet another virus that rapidly turns one into a frothing at the mouth violent creature (dripping with black crude oil---reminiscentof the X-Files)-----go for it! It's not without some entertainment value.....but it's definitely been there/done that type of virus zombie fare. Definitely needs some work to come up to par with all the other cool avant garde TV shows that are out there now.
The premise was original but that's as far as it went. The plot was repetitive even for a comedy like this. You basically know the story and it's a thin one. It just seemed like the script could've had more story elements to it. For instance, Zack Efron gave the frat a big speech in the beginning and vowed to create a major college tradition that would become legend like beer pong. So I thought we'd see the frat trying out silly ideas which we didn't. Neighbors has some laughs, don't get me wrong, it just wasn't a homerun. Note, the wife drops the F-Bomb like a drunken sailor, not really needed to me and it took her sweetness away. Looking back it's a forgettable comedy. I think a few more rewrites were needed and you could tell 3/4 in that the movie had run out of ideas.
Some rather determined tough guys keeping the streets safe, but there are some teammembers that are just plain milking the preverbial Govt. clock.
Rich Johnson (Cam Gigandet) is the type of player everyone of us knows. He allows his little head to do all his thinking for him. Rich makes a wish for his life to change, at which point his &#34;little head&#34; becomes detached and its own person (Nick Thune). Bad Johnson becomes out of control and makes Rich's life miserable creating oodles of symbolism, metaphors and puns.The overall problem with the film is the juvenile nature of the topic exceeded the comedy. Not as bad as an Adam Sandler film. It did have a few good enjoyable scenes, but overall, the film is just a rental to watch and forget.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex, nudity.
Edit 12/8/2013 This looked like such a promising show but Episode 2 was so bad I could not eve finish it. So changed my 5 star to 2!!!Funny cast, great script just please do not overdo the storyline for the new guy....loverboy would become old very fast, actually was already played out in the pilot. Will keep an eye out for more episodes hopefully
What? the last is Curtains.  That's not an ending. I kept waiting for another to follow.What a burn.  Very disappointed.  The book was excellent and had an ending .unreal.
SEASON THREE SHOULD BE FREE WITH PRIME AFTER PAYING $ 90.00 A YEAR.I GET MORE FREE SHOWS &  PREVIEWS ON HULU FOR FREETHIS AMAZOM PRIME MEMBERSHIP IS FOR THE BIRDS.NO RENEWAL UNLESS AMAZON PRIME STARTS TO HAVE BENIFITS
I'm going to have trouble finding twenty words on this one.  I just plain didn't like it.  Other people seem to have liked it a lot, but I didn't.  I'm no critic; but that's the idea behind these reviews, I guess, to get a broad view of public opinion.  Well, here's mine:  I don't think they worked very hard on this one.  It seemed to me like a low budget production. I hate to make negative comments on anybody's creative effort, but when I compare it with the other series out there, I have to say I don't think they tried very hard, or maybe they underestimated their competition.
The show starts out with a scene of consensual sex (oral sex). Later, the woman who was performing the oral sex is shown in a flashback.. being raped. I didn't even make it through the first episode. I am concerned about so many people tolerating so much these days. Fairly graphic sex and violence in shows like this can lead to an increase in appetite for more intensely graphic sex and violence.  I realize most people don't care at all what they watch, or give any thought to what they watch, and will just sit there and absorb anything. It's too bad. I think it is wise for all of us to be careful what we put in our minds.  I don't think the average person will watch a show like this, then go out and rape someone. But, I think watching such things does have a negative effect on us in some way.
Pretty good, and getting better, but I'll save higher review to see what's ahead. I actually wish they would occasionally have a super being as a guest.
Well, I rented this movie after seeing the behind the scenes for it and it looked good, but the actual watching of the movie was slow, did not show the action that looked so cool during the movie behind the scenes.  It was ok but not the best.
The set up of a horror or thriller, such as ATM, is probably one of the most important parts of the film. You can expect a chase, gore scenes, some monstrosity's, and if time permits, character development. So here we have two seemingly successful people working in finance who leave a party to bring home a good looking woman, who also works with them. One of the guys needs to stop at an ATM to get money for his late night munchies.The film seems to be set in the city. New York City (or at least something like to NYC). But apparently the only ATM is on this remote street with no one around. Pulling up to the ATM, he parks, what seems like a half a block away. Why not just pull right up to it?? I don't know anyone that does this, especially at 1 in the morning. And so, between the car and the ATM hut stands the killer. And yes, they all forgot their cell phones in the car.I just get infuriated how people find themselves in situations like this. It could be argued on the other side that what are the chances of some crazy guy looking to kill some people locked in an ATM hut. But err on the safe side when the chances are higher that strange people creep around at night in big cities. Ultimately, however, it just seems too convenient for the killer to get into place.The film does not offer much other than high tension. As the other reviewers mentioned, the question of "why" is never answered. Clearly it is not supposed to. I am not sure if thats the question the film is offering either. I think its more stating that "it can be done". If we recall the opening credit sequence, we see maps and diagrams and coordinates. All of this for the killer as a challenge for technology.I am probably being more poetic than the film deserves, but its a measure of avoidance as the film has little substance to work with. Anything revealed gives away almost too much. I can only assume that the film was green lit based on a pitch and wasn't developed further.Now that I have my gripes out of the way, I will say that the film is well done and the drama is exciting and intense. The acting is credible and well executed, so that's a bonus. It is worth a rental, but not at the current price. I would wait for the actual DVD release. It was exciting and entertaining, but the lack of the depth the film has, I cannot merit it more than 2 stars.
This is a pleasant series and worth a look.  The acting is good and the plots are somewhat interesting.  I think it needs to develop a bit more, but it has potential.
I've often said that one of the benefits of DVDs is that we now have the opportunity to view and entire season of a series we found interesting all at once. Perhaps you missed an episode or two, maybe you missed the beginning and came in after others discussed it, but with DVD on hand you can now watch anything start to finish. Binge watching has become a phrase that many have begun to use.If you missed the series HELIX on the SyFy network then you missed an interesting and exciting new show. The story takes place in the arctic at a secret research facility. The Center for Disease Control (CDC) has been called and alerted to a possible infectious outbreak at the station. Specifically requested is Dr. Allan Farragut (Billy Campbell). He's been asked to come because the main person infected is his brother, Peter. Along with Allan is his assistant Dr. Sarah Jordan and several other specialized team members.Once they arrive at the facility Allan learns that not only was his brother working there, his ex-wife Julia is there as well. This adds some dramatic tension to the show as it slowly reveals that Julia had an affair with Peter which led to the break up between her and Allan. But with Peter's life on the line that's set aside as they try to discover just what the actual problem is.This won't be near as easy to do as they think at first. Whereas Peter was supposedly near death as the story opens he suddenly has superior strength and has escaped a secured outbreak type cell through the air ducts over top. Just exactly what it was that was going on in this facility is at the heart of the show as it begins. Eventually it twists a bit into who is involved and eventually it falls into the category of can this be stopped and the world saved.One thing we witness as the story progresses is an attempt to somewhat cash in on the current zombie craze in movies and TV. Those infected with the virus in that's been released suddenly begin to look like the living dead. Fast zombies, not slow ones. But the real fear factor involved in the series is less about those infected and whether or not the entire planet might succumb to this disease. Containment is the answer but will those behind it all want to keep it localized or are they forming plans to weaponize it?  Those answers aren't coming quickly and not fully addressed with this season. It's more about trying to discover just what it is and how it came to be.Many have compared this series to THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN and it's easy to see why. We have a possible outbreak of a deadly virus that mutates or kills those it touches. Scientists are attempting to control that outbreak at all costs but at the same time someone among them may have an ulterior motive when it comes to the virus. It makes for a combination of science fiction and thriller that works well combined this way.There are times the show moves along a bit slowly but when binge watching that's easily placated by being able to advance to the next episode in a short amount of time rather than having to wait a week. The acting is well played by all involved with perhaps the exception of one person who I will kindly not reveal. If you watch you'll know who I'm talking about. In the end what we are presented with here is a solid science fiction story that holds keeps you guessing from moment to moment. It's science fiction that doesn't take you beyond the stars to find and enemy but right here in your own back yard. Well if your back yard was the arctic. In the end you'll find yourself entertained and wondering what will happen next. That's a good sign for any series.
I started watching this because I like this sort of program (DIY, flipping, real estate rehab).....but I continued to watch it because these guys are hilarious. They....sort of know what they are doing, but the egos usually manage to undo any of that, which is pretty entertaining. Not four stars because it comes off more like comedy/reality that DIY - which is what it was grouped with.
&#34;Transparent&#34; has all the makings of a great dramatic comedy series.  You've got interesting and conflicted characters, a host of actors who are more than capable at pulling off the dramatic AND the comedic, and a wide open playing field.  This is a typical pilot episode, though.  Shaky writing tells us that the show hasn't quite found its footing.  This usually comes in time as the show gets to grow roots and discover its voice.Acting: The actors all do a fair job, though some are clearly better at this than others, especially when you're looking at the peripheral cast (the trainer, the lesbian ex, etc...) who all feel a bit too green.  The writing is better than the acting, which is a good sign.  Acting can improve, but even a great actor can't do much with lousy writing.  Directing was good/average.Overall, I think the show has great potential.  Although it still has a few kinks to work out and some characters to fully realize, if the cast and crew stay along this path, we're in for a treat!
don't have much to say because it was just ok.  ok to watch one time if you like syfy/horror.don't send a lot to see it because you could spent the money on a much better movie but if you can get it cheepgive it a go
This show is very tired, must finish watching but it is painful, Don Draper is pathetic and this thing is just dragging, his wife makes me cringe. His ex Bettie is a miserable mess, Roger and his antics are bizarre and yes boring, God let it be over
Meant to be a tribute to our troops,... I think.  That it does, but it jumps all over the place blink and you will lose the plot. Really,  there are better films out there don't waste your time on this one.
The show has some interesting characters, and decent action but predictable plots. I'm not really sure that the plot premise is sustainable but its worth watching an episode or two and see hopw it goes.
I liked it.  I've seen better on TV and I've watched alot worse.  Love all the old behemoth cars and the time frame.  Of course, Dennis Quaid isn't too shabby either.
I am a big movie fan.  Love movies and go regularly.  I had high hopes for Pompeii, but about 30 minutes in I realized this was a real turkey.  There was nothing factual about it, nothing that I could see.  A stupid love story was the focus of the story, while a volcano was coincidentally erupting in the background.  I cannot recommend this flick unless you choose to sit down and smoke a little pot and watch it with friends who have great senses of humor.
Love the story line - could be interesting depending on writers.  Best of the 3 pilots I've watched so far.  Disappointing compared to "The Guardian"- bring back this series!
Lacks new refreshing script. Lead male always angry, lead female dense as a granite boulder. Actually you could say the script is corruption at its finest.
Have you ever had one of those experiences where you were watching two pretty solid performances but you wished they had been brought together in a different film?  Undoubtedly you have (I'd guess all of us who've watched plenty of movies have had that singular experience).  Unfortunately, that's really all I'd have to say superficially about WELCOME TO THE PUNCH - I've been no big fan of James McAvoy, though I've always liked Mark Strong's work, and here the two give a great one-two bang-bang performance of a cop and the felon-on-the-lamb who are forced into some dire straights that require them to unite against a common threat.  As unlikely partners, they have some terrific chemistry, and that's too bad since the story in this thriller stretches the bounds of believability too far for their teamwork to really amount to much.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)Three years back, Jacob Sternwood (played with simmering restraint by Mark Strong) escaped with his team from a high stakes robbery only after wounding detective Max Lewinsky (James McAvoy) with a shot in the knee.  In present day, Sternwood's son is involved in a heist that goes horribly wrong, forcing the man to come out of hiding in order to provide aid to the boy.  Once Lewinsky realizes this might be his only chance to finally capture the crook and regain his struggling career, he convinces his lieutenant to assign him and his new partner, Sarah Hawks (Andrea Riseborough), to the case.As often happens with police procedurals with an international setting, things are not quite what they seem.  What first appears to be a routine shooting suddenly turns into a criminal conspiracy involving crooked cops and even dirtier politicians.  Once the stakes are raised, Lewinsky is forced to accept Sternwood's begrudging assistance, and, together, they work to unmask the villains at the heart of this slick caper.Any who've followed my reviews know that I'm notoriously easy on films.  I only ask two things: (1) that they make sense, and (2) that they keep my interest.  For all the spit and polish, WELCOME TO THE PUNCH did the latter, but it kinda/sorta fell apart with the former.Take the opening sequence.  Three years back, Sternwood and Lewinsky had their first confrontation, and writer/director Eran Creevy opens his story in the middle of the high-tech robbery without any explanation whatsoever.  (Never a great decision.)  On the streets below, four motorcycles are parked out in front of the skyscraper just waiting for the thieves to walk out and hop aboard, and they're off.  McAvoy's Lewinsky shows up in his car (against orders, I might add), and he pursues.  Suddenly, there's a jump cut, and the four motorcycles are parked in an alley; they've completely lost their police pursuer, and they're waiting to make another breakaway.  By an odd twist of circumstances, Lewinsky's car is useless, and he takes off after the motorcyclists ... on foot.  Despite their racing away at, easily, thirty miles an hour, he's somehow manages to get in front of them (???) and knock Sternwood off his bike so's they can have their first face-to-face.Seriously?The short sequence is so rife with errors it's laughable.  Sadly, there are parts of the film that make about as much sense (which is to say that they don't), and it's kinda/sorta curious why no one seems to really make use of cell phones in this modern age story.  Everyone appears interested in only meeting face-to-face to exchange mostly expository dialogue, and one has to wonder if they've all bought into that whole `cell phones cause cancer' theory.  Also, Andrea Riseborough's character sports an accent so thick I practically needed sub-titles to understand half of what she was saying.  Maybe that's me (I've been known to struggle with some accents), but, as much as I wanted to like her character and a few others that were sprinkled throughout, that's hard to do when you're trying to figure out what they're saying.Still, there's a great partnership at the heart of the flick that's worth watching.  It isn't as if I didn't enjoy PUNCH because I did like a lot of it.  I only ask that it made greater sense.  Perhaps if the director had let someone else take a pass at the script, maybe he would've been better served.  I firmly believe his audience would have.WELCOME TO THE PUNCH (2013) is produced by Worldview Entertainment, Between the Eyes, Automatik Entertainment, and Scott Free Productions.  DVD distribution is being handled through MPI Media Group.  As for the technical specifications?  Wow.  The film looks and sounds incredible, though there was one sequence shot inside an automobile where one actor's lines were curiously muffled by something.  Lastly, the disc boasts only a handful of special features, including a brief making-of short, some talent interviews, and the theatrical trailer.RECOMMENDED.  WELCOME TO THE PUNCH is certainly slick photographed, fairly well staged, and nicely performed; yet, alas, it's entirely forgettable.  The script by writer/director Eran Creevy tries too hard with too little substance to legitimately rise to the occasion.  At the end of it all, there's this great chemistry between its two leads - McAvoy and Strong - and there's this great narrative conceit which forces a cop and the criminal he's been hunting for three years to shackle all of their emotional baggage and work together for all of the right reasons; it's just too bad so little of it really made that much sense in the story department.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at MPI Media Group provided me with a DVD copy of WELCOME TO THE PUNCH by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
How is it that such a funny periodical can never be that funny on TV?  The shorts on their site are considerably better than any of the shows they've put on television.  Even with gloss and star power there's no denying that this is supremely underwhelming.  Too bad.
Mindless show.  Truly wasting your time.  Not funny and nothing to learn from.  Don't let your kids watch this show.
I am looking for the perfect show t watch..Under the Dome was not it!!!!! Lost me in the first 2 episodes. I loved Sons of Anarchy, Justified and Breaking Bad.....need another series like them!!!!
For me the chemistry is gone.  I'm really sad about it too.  This was my very favorite show.  I hope the studio reads this and chooses better scripts. The new FBI storyline is a total snoozer and the personality of the FBI woman is like cardboard. I nearly turned Black Helicopters off before the end.  I'll buy one more episode and if it's boring then I'll stop watching.
lets be honest its effing weird. but its interesting. talk about some tough survival. i mean when you get past the gigling of the fact they are naked you realize them being naked is a lot more extra challenge then it is extra attention. pretty hard core staying a month in the wild naked.Let me know when the uncensored hits :-) lol
I have read multiple Bosch books and enjoyed them all.  His book character is complex and I hope the writers and director can do the same thing with him in the TV show.
I feel like I've watched this story line in other shows umpteen times before--the male main character who's rough around the edges, but also kind of a hero.  Except this show doesn't hold my attention nearly as well as some of the others have. I'm quite surprised by the other high reviews on here & I much preferred Mozart in the Jungle and especially Transparent--I'm hoping that's the one that gets picked up--it's unique and interesting and left me wanting more!
This show is an odd pairing of a fantasy about souls being switched in the afterlife with a lightweight courtroom drama. I enjoy the entertaining legal cases, but the whole reincarnation nonsense seems beyond dumb to me.That plus the fact that Hollywood writers/producers could not conceive of putting an overweight woman as the leading woman in a show, no matter how smart and successful she is, unless she identifies with the skinny blonde she supposedly used to be...it is really an insult to all overweight women!  And why is the smart successful Jane still identifies with Deb, even though she does not possess Deb's body or mind any longer? Simple; because Deb was better looking.Again, an insult to any intelligent person who still believes that a good looking shallow woman without any apparent achievements is SUPERIOR to a smart, well-educated and successful woman.  These shallow stereotypes and empty values are enforced again and again by Hollywood and everyone just accepts them without question.
I don't like umizoomi but the kids like it. I don't think its creative and the songs are corny and the tasks take forever to complete. I like the idea of being task oriented but they take so long to go through each step that it feels as if they are trying to force learning.
This has become a soap opera more for 10 year olds with all their love of horror, blood, and gore. The first season was good, but from the second season on...it has sunk so low there is no saving it now. I've cancelled the rest of the season and won't be watching any further. What a disappointment for something that could have gone a whole nother way and been really great.
I viewed this show on a suggestion from someone and was surprised.It Is different from what I thought and probably won't last long.
Zzzzzzzzzzz!
While I enjoy a slow paced mystery/drama, this story is not quite as compelling as I wanted it to be.  The acting is fine.
goes to show you how protecting someone can get them or you in trouble anyway. Did not see this end coming
The show starts out strong but the constant, never ending struggle with Lulu (she seriously should have gone to Berkeley and STAYED) and the fact that Nick never gets ahead. Not once. Is just depressing.This isn't gritty realism. It's sadistic storytelling and masochistic tv viewing. It reminds me a lot of the tragic train-wreck  Queer as Folk:US became in its final season. (Dear God was it bad).  It's like the writers of The Guardian knew the show would be cancelled so they decided to send the Fallins down in flames.  A shame really.  Sure Nick is not in jail (oh, that a spoiler?) and he is where I figured he'd be when I started watching the series but everything else? It wasn't even interesting to watch.  Sort of like watching those mandatory car crash videos in drivers ed.In the end, the only people I could stand to see on screen were Nick and his father. They'd even managed to make Shannon unlikable thanks, in part, to her behavior towards Burton.I don't know why US TV Shows destroy themselves when they are cancelled.  Learn from the British guys and class it up. End it right and realize you still have to sell streaming and DVDs.
Cheap video game quality animation even in HD format. The purchase of this series was a waste of money and time!
This review contains MINOR SPOILERS. The biggest problem in the logic with this movie is that it asks you to empathize with the Romans, after establishing that they are the imperialist invaders, crushing the native Picts by any means necessary, and delighting in their torment. At one point, they even murder a child, and you're STILL supposed to empathize with them. One of the primary "villains" of this movie is a woman who was brutalized, had her tongue cut out, and watched her family get murdered before her. Yet, she's not the character that the filmmaker chooses to create empathy with- nope, he chooses the Roman who's trying to escape her justice.It's also hard to lose yourself in the movie when there are jarring inconsistencies that were included either as an appeal to juvenile sensibilities, or as the result of some writing that's so lazy it borders on the incomprehensible. As an example of the former problem, every woman who appears in "Centurion" looks like a supermodel who just waltzed out of a dressing room where she was pampered by professional hair dressers and makeup artists. I don't know about you, but I find this pretty amusing, when the women in question are barbarian-hunters riding around on horseback, or an exiled witch living out in the middle of the woods. This glaring contrast takes me out of the fiction that has been created on screen, and makes me consider what was going on in the director's head as he issued his orders to the wardrobe department.As an example of the latter problem (lazy writing), there is one scene that is so absurd, it completely takes you out of the movie. It is established that the Pict tracker has such advanced abilities that she can detect the presence of her quarry a quarter mile away, simply because she's downwind from them. That's a bit silly, but I'm okay with that. What makes it absurd is that just a few minutes later, she walks into a small hut where all three of the men she is tracking are hiding. Yet, despite the fact that they are only a few feet away, she cannot detect them. Never mind the fact that they had only a couple of minutes to hide, and they're sweating profusely and bleeding all over the place- nope, our superhuman tracker is completely baffled. What's the explanation? It's simple- the producers painted themselves into a corner and they were too lazy to create a feasible solution.On the positive side, this movie does contain some great geography, striking cinematography, and good choreography (although the gore is over the top, and again directed at juvenile sensibilites).
I'm arriving a little late to this party... had started watching the re-imagined series when it started on the Sci-Fi channel, but lost track.  Over the past year I have started to pick back up from where I left off and I am not pleased.  While I love the concept of the new Battlestar Galactica, loved the earlier character development and the backdrop, I found the end of season 2.5 and the entire 3rd season to literaly be all over the place and disjointed.  The careful crafting of a story so elquently done in both the pilot episode and season 1 are no where to be found towards the end of season 2.5 or 3.  As the show has progressed it has become a very simply written, spiritual, religious mess and the characters are not as cohesively developed as they once were.  The writers must have changed.  I've got a bad feeling about season 4...Not total trash, but certainly not what the pilot episode or season 1 were.  Such a shame!
One of the best shows I've watched in a long time. Damien Lewis is the best. Keep them coming please
Very boring, not a good story. Starts out slow and get even slower. A complete waste of good money. I found it very hard to find the main character believable in any way.
I hope I wasn't charged for this show, I didn't watch it, have no idea what it's about, I don't care that much about men's suits.
I've been a big fan of &#34;Duck Dynasty&#34; since the very beginning, but these recent seasons have started to show real signs of getting stale in my opinion. Last season was OK, but the first three eps of this season seem very forced. I think they are running out of ideas. Even Si hasn't been funny lately. Still giving it 3 stars out of hope for it regaining it's footing a bit.
Ugh.  I wanted so much to like this show since it's an Amazon original, but it's HORRIBLE.  There was more swearing in this than in any movie I've seen. That one character (I didn't care enough about it to learn their names) swore so much that I dreaded it every time he started to speak.  Every other word out of his mouth was the "F" word.  (kind of ironic, not being allowed to swear on here when their "Amazon original" series is full of swearing!)  Good cast but horrendous acting, horrible script, and gratuitous nudity, all add up to a ZERO STARS rating.  Thumbs down, Amazon.  :(
This program is ok but too slow moving for me.  I thought it was a waste of my time watching Vera when I could be watching something else.
WTH Writers? Are you trying to tank the series? This was actually a shocker series for me, episode one was a hit, the episodes after are typical but all still pretty good. And then.... "Another Fine Navy Day". In this episode we take action drama, adrenaline, guy show and cuddle it a little, make some very feminine slow, shocking day time soap opera drama. Maybe to attract more women? I am not sure, whatever it is, if you follow this with the same kind of trash, you will likely tank this series very quickly. It's as if the writers took a break and the overly effeminate romance novel day dreaming secretary got to change the pace and twists in the show. Sure it was going in the same direction, it isn't the story exactly that has changed, it is how it is being delivered. This episode was so bad. You were doing so well, don't do this again, or you will find it hard to get another season.
This series feels overly contrived.  The characters' aren't believable.  They're all cartoonish, and have that &#34;tv&#34; level of attractiveness.  Like every &#34;average town&#34; in tv-land=a Los Angeles casting agency full of cutsey, dimpled Abercrombie & Fitch models.  The whole dome itself just isn't that interesting.  A similar concept was explored and adapted into a film in Stephen King's The Mist.  Being a film, the CGI is much better, and the cinematography was much more thrilling.  Maybe if Under the Dome was a miniseries, and on a network like HBO, it could have been something great.
This sounded like a great series...but the use of gore and blood in every scene was bordering on the pornographic. It seemed as though the close-up scenes of blood and guts were used to make up for a cliche,lack-luster plot. A waste of my Amazon Instant $$$.
Just wasn't very funny, or interesting. Maybe kids will want to watch it, but it is not entertaining for adults.
&#34;You don't know my pain or my emptiness but now your gonna know what it means to be me.&#34; Mitch Brockden (Cooper) is an assistant DA who has everything going for him. While driving home one night he accidentally hits and kills a person. Rather then stick around and help he calls the cops anonymously and takes off. When Clinton Davis (Jackson) is charged with the crime Mitch does all he can to throw the trial so the innocent Davis can go free, but that is exactly what Davis wants. I was actually pretty excited about this because of the plot idea. It sounded interesting and I expected it to be tense and suspenseful. While the last 15-20 minutes felt a little that way the rest seemed pretty flat and not really tense at all. Samuel Jackson was only in it for a little bit and again played himself but at least he didn't scream all his lines in this one. Fans of Samuel L. Jackson may be a little disappointed because of his screen time and everyone else may be a little disappointed because its very flat and almost emotionless. Overall, a movie that I was disappointed in but only really because I think my expectations were a little high. I give it a C+.
This series is entertaining.  Initially, the characters are a little difficult to understand because of their accents, but the action is good and the story grows in interest with each episode.
If your used to SG1 you'll find this really slow moving, it just doesn't have that adventure spirit it had.
This show has been on for 15 years and I followed it for 13.5 of those.  I only occasionally now watch it as I believe it has seen its day. I did tune in for this one episode starring Alec Baldwin though.  He was the best thing in it.  He played a brash, successful reporter who was hurting the squad's case.  For most of the episode he was abrasive and obnoxious, as only Baldwin can do, and that part was great.  But it was spoiled by the sickly sweet script with its cloying need to always impart a parable instead of reality. Baldwin's character in short became someone totally unbelievable. It was a shame to waste him like this but I enjoyed the part where he played the obnoxious reporter. It will take a similar guest star for me to tune in again.
This is a mediocre rendition of a Stephen King novel of the same name.It dragged a great deal and was more unpleasant than scary.A shame as the book was great
I started watching this movie expecting a really good film. But was disappointed with some of the actors and the story line.It starts by this poor guy wanting to hunt down some meat for food. He accidentally shoots a woman thinking she was a deer. But she turns out to have some money on her .He is frowned upon for no other reason other than that he is poor and is caught poaching a couple of times. He comes upon some money taken from the woman he accidentally killed. She is about to flee with her drug dealing boyfriend before she is killed.That's when the tables start to turn the wrong way for the hunter.
I don't know what the muck these people were thinking when the funded this movie. What a bunch of muckups!
I couldn't get through it...too slow and too dark (content)...didn't hold my attention! Might try it again later but not sure.
All of the characters were really annoying. The acting was good, but there was no one you can identify with. It's also unclear the direction they are trying to go with this. There is a reason why &#34;apocalyptic sci-fi dramas&#34; are cancelled after only one season (See: The Event, Flash Forward, etc).
Boy meets girl.  Each is on the wrong side of the tracks for the other.  Things get passionate though a number of details seem out of character for each.  Enough it kept this from seeming plausible really.  Plot is too thin, and story is too choppy.  The middle and ending seem very poorly worked out.  Like someone just gave up rather than finish the story.  I have seen worse, but this one ends up moving too slowly and tepidly.  This could have been a riveting, moving, and important story.  It unfortunately just was not.
Acting was good, directing was great.  But...please, another depressing, icky, predictable re-make of a very old horror story?  And I paid $9.99 to rent.  Yes I did not read the reviews.  I'm just so starved for a movie that doesn't make me want to gag that I took the chance.  I really like the main actor, wish he could find a better script.  Where are the writers?  The creative folk?  The story tellers?  I would not mind paying so much if I could just see a really great movie.
This is a show about vampires and ghosts and stuff so it's already weird, but fun.  However the 3rd season gets gross and the ghost is a zombie and I didn't care for that much.
There is a lot going on in the heavily stylized three part British miniseries "Blackout" and I don't always mean that as a compliment.  I was drawn to this presentation due to the involvement of Christopher Eccleston, an actor that I almost always find fascinating to watch.  While he gives a largely successful performance, the actual adaptation is overwrought and even borders on preposterous.  It may seem like an unusual feat to make something that is simultaneously over-simplified and over-complicated, but that's just what "Blackout" has done.  As a study of addiction, of infidelity, and of political machinations, "Blackout" is a show that had a lot of interesting themes to work with.  But nothing is explored in any real detail or depth, so there isn't much with which to emotionally connect.  And it doesn't help that the political side story is just plain silly!  To compensate for some of the plot's shortcomings, the show is fashioned as a quick-edited and jarring nightmare that leaps around in time.  While this disorientation might be a good approach in an addiction drama, it doesn't disguise the implausibility within the narrative structure of the program.Eccleston plays an alcoholic City Councilman who is caught up in corruption with a local builder.  After an intense confrontation kicks off Episode One, Eccleston awakes with only a vague memory of the previous night's events.  However, something seems amiss as he's covered in blood and the nefarious builder is in the hospital.  We see the scene repeatedly in short staccato bursts of memory, but can Eccleston piece together what happened and stay out of trouble?  A young woman. presumably a prostitute, was also on hand and her involvement with Eccleston is something that the viewer has to decipher with time.  As Eccleston's world seems to be crumbling, an unexpected act of violence brands him a national hero.  And this deeply flawed man has a chance to ascend to power.  Is this a time for cover-up or is it a time for redemption?  While this twist literally made me laugh out loud, I never believed it for a moment.While loud and over-produced, I did enjoy the set-up of "Blackout."  And the ridiculous twist was mightily entertaining. But I had a couple of major issues with the remainder of this three-parter.  The mystery is never particularly compelling, and the political power Eccleston wields never rings true.  Originally set up as a puppet leader, he grows more resistant and altruistic.  SLIGHT SPOILER:  As the show needs to come to an end, in one miraculously scene, he ends contract corruption once and for all within the city!  Easy as this, one man made a decision in one night and revolutionized the entire city government!  That's how things work, right?  END SLIGHT SPOILER.  In the end, I just didn't think "Blackout" was smart enough to work as a great political thriller but it also lacked the humor necessary to make it a pleasing potboiler.  An exercise in style over substance, you will have to overlook a lot in the plotting of "Blackout" to get much enjoyment out of the rather dour affair.  KGHarris, 12/12.
I love The Onion, i love their paper (actually printed here in Austin, TX); I love the TV Shows that were supposed to be &#34;news shows&#34;... Too much of this show was just dumb and it seemed that they felt the need to explain even the simplest of jokes rather than playing it straight and letting the situation be the comedy. I could see my 14 year-old son laughing about it... nothing worth remembering and nothing edgy.
Cute show for all ages. The Lead character seems poorly casted as he doesn't seem to convey any on-screen charm.
I will preface this with, &#34;I haven't seen all the episodes,&#34;  and watched a few because I saw the original BBC version of this series before they cancelled it.I don't think I've watched enough episodes to get a feeling for where the show is going, other than finding the anomalies and dealing with the dinosaurs.The cast seems capable enough, they just need some good storytelling, plotlines.
I am sure that this is close to the truth about what happened in the Channel Islands. Nonetheless, it is not an easy flick to watch and there are not bright moments as in Foyle's War.
I have to agree with the rest of the reviews. They need to drop the SuR drama employees. Their annoying anyway. I absolutely love Lisa but her employees are making her look bad.Those waitresses are way fake wannabes.  People like that will lie and use people to get somewhere. Their dorks. I don't want to pay to watch a bunch of dorks when I can just go down to Hollywood and find them on the street there. I want to see a 100% full hour of BHHW drama. Not 80% Real Housewives and 20% dorks. It's fine if you want to do a show with just dorks but I don't want to be forced to watch dorkism.
The movie starts out with a movie projectionist reading about the lost colony of Roanoke. Then the power goes off. When he investigates he finds empty clothes where people should be. There are eerie shadows and he too disappears. Hayden Christensen wakes up and finds the city in a similar state, with clothes, but missing bodies. 3 days later (apparently he was unable to walk out of the city in that time, Christensen is walking around the city in the dark scrounging batteries for flashlights (HEY! TRY THE STORES!) and discovering the city has been hit by a discriminating EMF that effects car batteries but not dry cells. He is not yet ready to embrace the dark side of the force.In the midst of it all he finds a bar with the lights still on (own generator) and decides he needs a bracer. People start to congregate at the bar one at a time. Outside, when your light goes out, computer generated blackness quickly swarms around you to eerie music. Sunlight becomes a thing of the past as Detroit becomes Dark City. Apparently these are not the people who know how to set the city on fire every Halloween.The characters discuss tons of reasons why this is happening and the best one was that God/ the universe hit the "reset" button and they are the stragglers.
I thought the first few episodes were a bit confusing, but it got more interesting in later episodes. The Republican party must be very uneasy watching this comedy series. The problem is it hits too close to home. I believe it is more reality than comedy, although the laughs abound. This is really what legislators are like, except these are painted with a broad brush. I am finding myself more involved, now that the action is taking place out of the &#34;alpha house&#34;. I believe the show has the potential to be a very funny series.
There was a few moments that I've laughed at and the other times it was interesting. When and if there's more to it I'll watch it.
Sweet little show.  Great premise.  Healthy messages.  Main characters that you can care about.  NOW WORK ON IT.  You would think that grade school children wrote it.  Stilted dialogue.  Flat, dead storyline.  It's like a good first draft.  Work on it.
Eddie Murphy stars in this movie about a driven investment banker who finds his occasional parenting gigs a vexing diversion from his other important activities.  And when his daughter's imaginary friends start giving him investment advice that seems prescient, well, what is he to do?Wanna bet that he will begin to become a father again?
This show has too much blood and killing!  I don't like the fact that the show is always going back to the past which creates confusion at times.
I've watched a few of these so far. Not sure I'll watch the rest. They're not bad, just uneven. The show on lightening was informative, but the blizzard episode was just lame. It should be titled &#34;Don't you people check the radar?&#34; The show covered people caught in blizzards. One guy decided to get away for a while in the Pacific Northwest, so he hops in the car and starts driving without adequate supplies or adequate clothing. Oh, and without checking the radar. So, he drives straight into the teeth of a HUGE blizzard and gets stuck. For 2 weeks. The moral of that story is to know what you're driving into and prepare for it before you leave the house. With all the mobile technology we have at our disposal these days...
I was interested at first because it grabbed me into it....but then soon found out with it starting backwards in story got to be boring. Each character seemed to be defined in detail made me lose interest.  I soon began to know what would most likely happen next per series and then did not care to watch.
Firstly, I watch this show on Hulu, not Amazon, and if I had to pay for it, I wouldn't watch it.  The writing's ok, the story's ok, but some of the delivery is pretty cheesy, especially by the main character.I don't watch it for him, tho, but for Paul Blackthorne.  He's got a too-small part as the lead police detective hunting "the vigilante."  I'm hoping that one of these days one of his shows will stick around!  I loved him in the "Dresden Files" show on the SciFi channel (before it became "Syfy" whatever THAT means), and have tried to catch whatever shows he's landed on since then.  None have been as good, IMHO, (tho "The River" was quite interesting) and none made it big, but one still hopes...I do also like the main bad dude, who used to play Captain Jack on "Dr. Who" & "Torchwood," and interestingly, in the most recent episode, *spoilers* there was a new character with another Whovian.  Can't wait to see how that develops!  :)
I like these kinds of programs. This one disappointed.Confusing and slow. No build of like for any characters except Richardson and ..... Why didn't he pick up the CD? I should stop here.
Ugh, can we please move beyond girls with sparkly wands?  It's 2014 and it's about time we shatter gender stereotypes.
If you want something fun and educational for the kids. I strongly recommend curious George instead which is free on prime.Another fun series is avatar airbender.This one is boring and poorly put together in comparison. Even my dinosaur crazy kid doesn't really get into it.
To quote Keanu: "Whoa!" What just happened? I just saw the first episode of ZERO HOUR, and I feel like someone just gave me a brain wedgie or that I just got audited. Anthony Edwards makes his (what should've been) triumphant return to televisionland, and I was prepared to whoop and holler because I find the guy so damn sincere and likable. He plays Brooklynite Hank Galliston, editor of Modern Skeptic magazine. Hank is a journalist who prefers facts over sensationalism, much to the chagrin of his two young reporters (they'd rather write about werewolves and skunk apes). Hank Galliston is a man still very much in love with his wife, Leila (Jacinda Barrett), she who runs a clock repair shop. Her sudden abduction by an international terr0rist provides the plot's impetus.ZERO HOUR rapidly constructs a dense mythology, and perhaps it's too dense too soon. And you should know that the rest of this paragraph isn't SPOILER free. The tangled narrative ropes in Nazis (and then frozen Nazis), a possibly satanic baby with creepy milky eyes, a religious secret society preparing for the impending apocalypse, a map captured in a tiny gem, and a mysterious tarp-covered artifact that had better not be the Ark of the Covenant.I'm worried about this show; I'm not sure it knows its identity. I don't know if it can follow thru on its ambitions. This first episode, "Strike," comes off as bizarre and impenetrable and confusing. The good news is that it IS just the first episode. Hopefully, further episodes will take a more coherent approach.On the plus side, I liked the sense of urgency and the sense of scope. Dire circumstances compel our characters to embark on globe-trotting excursions, and their journeys open up the narrative even more and reinforce that theme of epic adventure. So far, the supporting cast fail to make an impression, but I'm very willing to let them grow on me. It's early yet, and I get the sense it'll take some serious committment to sit thru the unfolding of this riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma, encased in a tortilla. Anthony Edwards, for his part, retains his immense likability and he's talented enough to make any bit of dialogue sound convincing. I think it's an inspired bit of countercasting, having this unassuming-looking guy play the puzzle-solving action hero. I'm hanging my hat on further episodes, my fingers wistfully crossed for a measure of clarity and a sure sign that the show has found its pulse. It's just no good when a guy has to quote from Keanu.
While overall I found the series to be mostly entertaining there were a few characters who really grated me with their apparent lack of importance to the series story or their characters personalities in the show itself, mostly with the apparent uselessness of Claire and the conniving mother of the Petrelli brothers who you really wished the character Sylar would kill ruthlessly but which never happened. This season like with the third tried to give us a new foil to match the villain Sylar with dubious results but much better then the third season second villain who at the end was pathetically killed off easily,  the fourth season new villain could have been better written but all in all wasn't truly horrible.  If you have the seasons 1-3 I would actually say just stick with those as while you can add on the fourth overall the episodes were pretty bland and though you'll get some more heroes episodes to watch you'll still probably feel a little cheated regardless.
with fake hair?Sure, he'd always been a sex addict, but that was never a secret. Californication takes place almost a decade after Scully needed to 'take time' in the Alps, Swiss, of course. Their kid had been taken by aliens, again, and she had had that weepy look for MONTHS. She knew what it meant when the lysol and kleenex stood constant by his keyboard.The lust, fueled by protocol and expense accounts, slowly burned out between abductions and nannies. Finally Mulder could be the hipsterSexshaman we always knew he thought he was. And we're enjoying it, this circus of irresponsibility and spooge far too dangerous for the mere mortal, or non-californian, to re-create without certain personal Armageddons.No, our love for Mulder allows this and more with an ensemble cast born of Fellini's vomit.Our love for Mulder goes beyond youth and puckish dimples. Let the hair gray. Allow for roguish dryness. Age gracefully. As long as Gillian Anderson isn't directing an episode, you can't lose.
As a fan of the original Bionic Woman, I am appalled by the liberties taken by the writers in this show. First of all, they have completely altered the story of Jamie Summers, the original Bionic Woman. The story presented in the series is COMPLETELY different. I don't undertand why they didn't just change her name.Second, the acting of Michelle Ryan is not the best. Still, I do think she is doing the best she can with what she has been given. But, she displays no emotion, barely any tears when crying. Her face looked completely emotionless when her fiance died or when she was at his funeral. The show just doesn't deal with her emotions. They have concentrated so much in the action and the lines that they have forgotten an important part of television, facial expressions and body language. The younger sister seems to be the only one displaying an emotional range in the show.The show is not that cohesive. They do not explain certain things. Why was the sister sentenced(?) or prohibited from using computers? The show just doesn't tie in things together.The show has a very nice visual style (hence my rating of 3 stars) and I think it has some potential, but a lot of things have to be fixed. These facilities, very low budget by the way, where she trains have really bad security and look like a basement. They should vamp up these settings and make them more hi-tech. The plotlines and the writing should deal more with how Jamie feels about all of this. She took everything so matter of fact (except for the initial screaming after her operation). Someone needs to wake her up and say "Woman, you are Bionic! React! I would also like to know how she knows all these fighting techniques. Was some computer implanted into her head? I mean, she did not train for that long!In conclusion, the show has a lot of things that need fixing. And the first thing should be for Michelle Ryan to start showing some emotion and act better.
I suppose that remakes are necessary when writers have nothing better to do. They should have left this one alone!
THIS MOVIS IS SO LAME!...IT HAS NO SCRIPT OR PLOT JUST A VAUGE CONCEPT,. IT WAS CHEAP AND REALLY? PHONE CAM MOVIES?..REALLY?...LIKE IF 911 DOSENT,...... WORK USE BOTH HANDS AND RUN .....LAME! VERY LAME!ONLY RENT THIS IF,.. YOU HAVE SEEN EVERY MOVIE, EVER TO HAVE BEEN MADE,.... AND DEFINATELY DO NOT BUY!
I agree with the following: The main characters don't seem to be able to pick themselves up before they are tripping over themselves again. I live in Nashville. I know lots of healthy people in the industry. Also, it doesn't show much of the rest of Nashville - where the ordinary people live out their lives. Churches here are not backdrops for marrying music stars. Faith is important to many people, including musicians. I'd like to see the main characters wrestle with some issues like growing up in the Bible belt and figuring out what you believe (in a way that doesn't put down people's faith). THIS IS A QUOTE FROM ANOTHER REVIEW. I also found the portrayal of AA dogma to be false at so many times, and accurate in so many other ways, I would urge all people with substance abuses to watch, listen and learn.
What a nice idea to produce a show with such a rich environment to deal with multiple cultures in a post apostolic environment.  Unfortunately, the characters, and plots, are hackneyed and uninspired.I have a hard time progressing from one episode to the next.  This is not a series that I would ever get hung up on, serial/binge watching.I give it three stars, based only on the money they spent for special effects and computer graphics.  Too bad they didn't spend more money on the writing and story telling.
real unique -- lead female wears spike heels (women are grotesque to look at unless dressed 4 men, say the network execs) -- that's real different, a female lead in spike heels.  u know what else is different?  the hair.  real different.  longish (women's hair should flirt with breasts, say the network execs).  and eye makeup.  lots and lots and lots and lots of it (womens eyes ugly w/out pound per eye of makeup, say the network execs).but wait, get to the unique part u say!ok -- unique part -- a woman goes to a town where she feels (at first) superior and says clever superior things.  how unique is that! (suburgatory isn't that clever and superior.)and wait, there's more ...there's the boy ... oh, he's SO unique.
I only watched the first episode and I was a little bored, it seemed like &#34;been there, done that&#34;.  Haven't bothered to watch any more episodes-maybe if it gets to Prime and I don't have to buy it, I'll watch some more.
3 year old boy, 7 year old girl watched it and they liked it and talked back to the TV. I am sure if it was available they would watch it often. I do wish new cartoons had a more diverse cast however, as in different ethnic groups represented equally and/or as a lead character.....something Amazon should consider!
Can't decide what I just watched. The cast lacked chemistry at the beginning and none of them became compelling for me through the end.  Half way through I was waiting for it to be over with.  Would not watch it after first episode.
there has been too many of these end of the world shows lately and this one feels a bit under budget.I though the first episode should of brought it home more, will i watch it if there is nothing also to do? Sure, MAYBE but compared to the other couple of shows amazon produced this is not even in the same league for me.
I enjoy watching shows with real evidence proof like forensic files. This show is created poorly with subject matter had to believe. Was deceived by the title.
I only watched one show, I wasn't entertained, puking into a trash can, get a life. . . it sucks
This is a well-made Korean horror movie that had lots of potential but it doesn't know when to quit. The idea behind it isn't bad, the setting is great. But it loses all its punch because of an ending that seemingly goes on forever.
I gave TKOJM for short a try and by not setting the bar to high I wasn't disappointed by what I saw.The movies takes 110 minutes to develop its characters, back story and guide the viewer through the stories evolution.It stars out giving the viewer a glimpse of Jacob's life as a young teen living with his parents at their secluded cabin ( where most of the movie is shot) in the woods. He seems to be somewhat of a normal teen who is displaying typical teen problems with his parents who would much rather play video games than talk of play/work outside.He finds a freshly fallen meteorite while chopping firewood for his dad. I will leave his early days life's story there for obvious reasons and fast forward to the present.A group of five friends rent Jacob's childhood cabin from Bob (the new owner) who has been renovating the cabin and gave the gang a good deal since the renovations haven't been completed yet.The acting and dialogue were pretty good until all HE double LL breaks loose and the acting tanks by the entire cast as well as the dialogue. The direction was decent enough for the most part, but the scenes used to build tension and or add a little fear factor were much to obvious and poorly timed. The lighting and sound really needed some help.The kill scenes showed some promise, but again the timing, dialogue and very poor special effects makeup ruin any chance for creepiness or grossed out gore. Jacob's eyes just don't help to sell him as the monster he is. Bear in mind what Jacob came in contact with as a teen in the woods for the explanation for his eyes and his behavior I guess?There is a fare amount of cursing including the F...word and a few scenes of graphic violence with blood and gore. There wasn't any nudity or any sex scenes in the movie.In closing this movie isn't a total write off as the story did show some creativeness and the acting was decent until the chaos starts. The movie could have easily been shortened by 20 minutes or so and by doing so helped with the VERY long time span between the killings (40 to 45 minute time span) from his teen years to present. If the director would have cut the kill scenes just as the killer was??? instead for using the TERRIBLE special effects makeup/props it would have been much more effective and creepy. 2+ stars.
Odd mixture of Glee and slasher film has a few laughs, some decent gore and a lot of musical numbers.  Stage Fright has a fantastic trailer but the movie itself isn't nearly as good.  The problem is that Stage Fright wants to be a horror comedy but it isn't funny enough consistently to work as a comedy and there are too few suspense scenes for it to work as a horror film--the horror elements are pretty much concentrated at the beginning and end of the film and mostly ignored in the middle.  That leaves the singing and dancing.  The songs aren't bad and a couple of the musical sequences are even fairly clever, but the various elements Stage Fright is trying to juggle never really end up meshing all that well.  This might be worth a look if the idea of a slasher comedy with musical numbers appeals to you, but in the end Stage Fright is an ambitious failure.
We're only two episodes into this new NBC drama and it's already fallen apart at the seams. The show opens with Cuaron's directorial trademark of a technically clever tracking shot and after that it devolves into an incredibly dull series of totally unbelievable chases with absolutely zero character growth or plot development.The girl is blessed with some sort of telekinetic capability that she uses whenever the plot needs an escape catch. With this superpower, she should be the least vulnerable human on the planet but instead succumbs to an inept series of bad guys who can't decide whether to capture or kill her. She also seems to &#34;sense&#34; people's problems to get the B plot of the week going so she can run around helping people in between the good guys messing things up.The writing is on par with a first draft from a mediocre screenwriting student at a bad film school and it's almost inconceivable it was used for production. Every scene is littered with exposition throughout the script (&#34;You're a prisoner on deathrow and face execution.&#34; / &#34;You were trained at Quantico and now you're working on the Tate case&#34;). Hardly anything is said that isn't trying to explain the derivative back stories to the audience to the point where I'm screaming at the TV every time somebody utters one of these inane lines.The bad guys have a near-telepathic capability of knowing where she is at all times and the good guys do the worst job possible in keeping her out of harm's way, except when they use their own near-telepathic knowledge to protect her. The script conveniently forgets everything that goes before it (hey, there's a bag of money on a  fire escape in New York that's still there) and gives the audience no idea of where it's going beyond &#34;we're going to the safe house&#34; or &#34;we're going to Philadelphia&#34; - why not let's go to Disneyland and at least have some fun? Oh, and then major characters disappear - the laughably bad assassin from the pilot presumably didn't test well with the audience, even though they were the least demanding audience in history for liking the rest of the show.All the drama is developed from a simplistic triangle of good guys, bad guys (Kyle MacLachlan phones it in) and law enforcement all acting like IQs are dropping everywhere. They operate in a complete vacuum of reality so one moves and the others react and three chase sequences later we're at the end of the episode. And there's zero realism to any of the decisions made by the three groups pushing the wafer-thin plot forward so very, very slowly. There hasn't been this much stupidity in a TV show since The Following got renewed but admittedly even that managed to attempt to engage the audience.The acting is wooden, the dialog is stilted, the fight scenes are horribly shot, there no tension, there's no suspension of disbelief and there's no plot. How can it get any worse? Cuaron just won an Oscar but I suspect he's now lending his name like &#34;Steven Spielberg Presents&#34; - take away his and JJ Abrams' writing credits and here you have a show that would otherwise simply never be aired. It's a total train wreck of irredeemably poor writing and production that's reminiscent of the worst days of the Glen A Larson's factory weeklies. Absolute drivel in every respect and I'm embarrassed to say I watched two of these.
MY TITLE SUMS UP THIS MOVIE TO A TEE. The story is about a couple (an American guy and a British girlfriend) who invite a male cousin (wink...wink) of the girlfriend on a camping trip in the Engish woods that are inhabited by witches. The Yank has his camcorder on at all times and is annoying his girlfriend to no end. Hence the found footage formate and the way this story is presented. For a found footage film it didn't make me sea sick with the shakey cam work like most seem to do and some of the steady cam shots of the landscape were nicely shot.There is tension between the two guy's for obvious reasons and makes you wonder what was the girl thinking. For me that was the most intriguing part of the whole story because the rest consisted of some conversations between the three,a road trip, a visit to a pub for a background on the story from the locals point of view, a hike to the woods with cows, sheep and horses, the camp site, more conversation, a chase, camp again, another chase, camp yet again and the the last chase THE END.There is some violence and little blood, very little suspense or tension, a make out scene that turns ugly and some foul language with no nudity.THIS IS AN IDEAL MOVIE FOR KIDS TO WATCH,  WHO YOU CAN'T SEEM TO GET TO FALL ASLEEP NO MATTER WHAT YOU HAVE TRIED. It is so boring that I bet it works better than Ambien or Lunesta for sleep disorders. -5 stars
The After was a real disappointment.  It is full of plot cliches and trite writing.  The characters are shallow and uninteresting, and the little surprise at the end of the first episode is probably not enough to get me back for the second episode.  We might try it one more time, but I'm not sure.
Looking at the reviews I'm definitely counter to most poeple watching this show, but I found absolutely nothing redeeming about the show.  The actors were poor, the direction pointless and I didn't laugh even a single time.  When did pure stupidity become funny?This is one of those shows that you watch and regret because you are now almost 23 minutes dumber than when you started and you will never get that time back.
I forced myself to watch the entire episode. It made little sense and irritated me.Recycled actors. I've never been so uninterested in a Sharon Lawrence role, and I really like her.Not many special effects, considering it's a Syfy show. The closing credits had the most visual appeal.Too linear. Might have been more interesting had they used flashbacks. Also, the sets were bland and generic. You need more than some litter and smoke to portray a realistic apocalyptic mood.Still, I gave it 2 stars because I really have seen worse, I think.
These two dumb girls decide to ride their bikes and come across a water tank. They are drunk and strip to their underwear. It is dark so one jumps in and the other follows without even checking the tank for a way of escape. Well the water is at a low level and they have a hard time getting out.I waited till the end to see if they ever could figure out how to get out and it was quite clever I will admit. But not everything goes right! The ladder was too high so they had to improvise. If I ever got stuck in this situation I will remember this trick but I won't get into this situation!
This show qualifies as a brainless cult garbage tv series . Wooden acting , cartoonish looking cover and makeup , the writers wouldn't know a good script if they saw one , and this is just directionless , pointless and stupid show .
My wife had been warning me all through this season that the judges favored Anya.  Towards the end it became so obvious that even I had to recognize it.  They judges added or subtracted things from the challenges to help Anya.  If the designers had to make two dresses, and one of Anya's was terrible, then it was decided that only one dress would be judged.  At fashion week Anya's collection was nothing more than under-designed pajamas!  Either Josh with his dramatic tastes or Viktor with his meticulous tailoring should have won!  The season was still worth watching, but the judging was so unfair that I was left with a bad feeling!  And this was the second season in a row that was unfairly judged!
the only decent and believable characters are the good looking secretive guy and the teenage boy trying to figure out what is going on. the idea is interesting, but i don't think they have executed the show very well. i stopped watching after a few episodes.
I think this is supposed to be a comedy?  I wasn't quite sure since there were a couple funny lines, but not anything to make me laugh a lot.  The plot was really dumb, and the characters were typical stereotypical characters.  How many times are we going to see a soccer player as the kicker in football?  Geesh.  I'll pass on this show.
I was embarrassed for the actors in this. The writers must have spent about 15 minutes on the concept and script, the songwriters maybe 5 minutes on trite, stupid, and clumsily trying to-, but failing to be clever lyrics with equally banal tunes. Unsure at first whether this was a comedy or a satire of a comedy (which is what?) or a satire of musical comedy in general, I gave it ten more minutes and then just shook my head and stopped watching. Not a single thing original about this show. It misses the mark on all levels.
This movie was ok, yet needs motivation and set up, I did enjoy some of the scenes and some of the plots, yet it needs more work in making it scary.
I have never watched this, but I know it eats dirt.  How?  Cause I read every  5 and 4 and 3 star review.  Isn't it sad how we are manipulated?  Ok.  Say it is given 5 stars and you get all excited and and watch 2 hours and realize its a dog.  Who gains?? Does Amazon pay something each time anyone watches anyepisode?  mmmmm?  I really don't know but I suspect and so should you.
Keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Good action with suspense. Anxious to watch the whole season.  Good drama.
In Monsters, we take up the story 6 years after a NASA spacecraft has crash-landed in northern Mexico.  "Something" on the craft has infected the local vegetation, and it morphs, somehow, into an organic "terrestrial octopus," about 3 stories high.These things really come out at night (do they hide in the water during the day?) and attack people for some reason (do they eat them?  the "monsters" certainly need more food than this).It seems like most of the "damage" attributed to these creatures is collateral damage caused by airstrikes and chemical attacks (you get a sense of this is the first 2 minutes).The story follows a news photographer (Scoot McNairy) who is given the assignment of getting the daughter (Whitney Able) of his employer out of Mexico (the quarantine zone is expanding).  You never find out what the daughter is doing there, but, surprise!  They miss the last ferry, and have to hoof it out (why the publisher father doesn't send a jet down is undetermined).The movie really is about the social and sexual tension between these two.  The "monsters" are really a minor part of the story, although they are the background for the plot.  Now, this doesn't bother me too much, because I'm not a horror film fan.  I was more interested in the sci-fi dimensions.McNairy is a very believable photographer.  Able comes across as naive and needy.  The trip to the US border is eventful, with the viewer constantly waiting for the other shoe to drop.  But will it?The gigantic barrier at the US border seems more appropriate for Jurassic Park than for this movie, except it has no gate where the road cuts through.  Weird.Fundamentally, this human story, and the alien angle, weren't the best match.  I don't regret the time I spent watching it, but I think there was more potential here.
Last season this series began to take a bad turn when it resorted to sick levels of violence for nothing more than shock value. This season they seem to be employing a scorched earth policy as for as their characters and any redeeming values they might have left. Over these many seasons there has been a consistent theme that the Max Teller character was the flawed yet somewhat noble protagonist of the story. After episode two of this season I can say that he is just another morally and ethically bankrupt character that deserves whatever blizzard fate that SUTTER can think up for him. When there are no longer any characters that an audience can identify with or root for, it's time to wrap it up an close the book on S O A.When does JUSTIFIED come back ?After watching the final episode ...... W T F ?  In the scope of th  storyline (what storyline there was), killing off that character, in some blizzard way, made sense. However the way they chose to do it is so implausible that it takes away any shred of believability.  In what direction could this show possibly go in another season ?
This is a not a good film in any sense. But it is a good film within its genre. Its pure violent pulp exploitation with no pretensions and in many respects its the purity of the concept which elevates it to something more than it would otherwise be. Its kind of like the old Sergio Leone westerns or something like the original Beastmaster or Road House or the first Boondock Saints.The film had its start as a phony trailer in an earlier bigger film. The trailer was a funny two-minute joke. But they managed to make it work for real as a film.A nameless hobo gets off a train in a new town with dreams of buying a lawnmower to start a business. But the streets are out of control and the hobo is forced to clean up the town on his own. The town is run by a violent goof named "Drake" and his two sons...one of whom looks like he stepped out of old Tom Cruise film like Risky Business. The villians are really easy to hate. The hobo is a no-nonsense hero.The film is slightly different than the old "Death Wish" formula because there is a clear wealth and class subtext to it. Most vigilante films feature middle class or rich victims taking revenge on psychotic criminals. But "Hobo" is about a man at the very bottom taking revenge on a corrupt system run by the wealthy and powerful who exist beyond the reach of any law. Going after the "bumfights" guy, going after the rich goof (Drake) and going after the idiot sons of the rich goof are all powerful concepts.And like all exploitation films, we get things that just don't make a bit of sense. Two Junior Iron men eventually show up with no particular explaination. But its so goofy, it works.The only thing that I have against it is that its too violent. Its in the nature of explotation, but I think the material was good enough that they could have done without it. An edited version would probably run on cable forever.The acting is 10x better than it has any right to be. Rutger Hauer was perfect for the role and delivers (as usual) a really solid performance in a third-rate role. This is not award winning acting, but its a role that some people would sleepwalk through (but he did not).Most homaige films are derivative and so tied to the source material that they can't ever even be as good as what they are swiping. But this film was better than the original films.Again, this isn't a work of art. But its honest to what it is and it was well done within the parameters of what it is.
It was what it was.  With approximately a billion jokes tailored &#34;for the fans,&#34; it's an easy pass if you aren't already a fan of the series.  There isn't much of a story here, and it about equals the quality of the show it's based on.  That said, if you're a fan, you'll probably enjoy it and laugh harder than everyone else in the room.  It'll make you intolerable to everyone else, but you'll feel special.
It was drivel so I quit watching. Really if there was a point to it all I would have hung on. It was a &#34;wanna be&#34; cross between the show Revolution and Falling Skies. But not nearly as good.
This is another example of terrible, awful mothers that will do ANYTHING for two minutes of fame, even sacrificing their children in the process. Often times guilty of out right child abuse, these looser's are so desperate for fame, they even allow the human blimp named "Abby" to abuse everyone, in every show without ever thinking of anything close to love or pride or protecting those beautiful, talented, wonderful young girls that give so much trying to please everyone else. The same people that get out of the car at accidents to view the carnage, are the same ones that watch this god awful, disgusting program that clearly demonstrates just how low parents can sink for cash or fame.Just AWFUL.
I never got to see it.  I don't know what night it is on.  End of the story.  I am done.
I was surprised to learn after seeing Solomon Kane that it had earned such high praise from so many &#34;critics&#34;.  While I was able to sit through the whole bloody mess from beginning to end, it was a bit of a chore for me.  Having said that, it is a decent enough B-grade movie and, like many B-grade movies, eminently forgettable.  Lots of hack and slash, which I don't object to per se, it's just that Solomon Kane brings nothing new whatsoever to the table.  It's certainly not a movie I would tell anyone they should go out and see, but if someone were to ask me if it's any good, I might simply respond that it's watchable and a way to find a little entertainment of an evening.
my opinion of this trial movie has been requested...i provide it here, and gratis (amazon, be grateful)...no one this side of a death wish would even consider translating this abomination into a feature...ciao.
While I think this first season is funny enough, it doesn't start to do enough to separate it from The Office, which it is very obviously a copy of. That being said I feel that because the characters are so well written, you become emotionally attached to them more in later seasons, so I feel it's worth sticking around for the development and watch this first season.
I found myself waiting for Ang to show up to brighten my day.  The whole beauty and artistry of the original was downgraded in this.  It shows that the producers wanted to make a quick buck by tapping into the children's market.  The original Avatar was actually beautifully put together. This is a piece of crap and destroyed most of my feelings about the original characters.  Save your money
This has been renewed but most of us had to buy the eps online because it was NOT shown on Dish.  This series is basically remaking the modern horror classic , &#34;from dusk till dawn'  and doing it in  long drawn out way.  The first 35 or forty minutes of the movie are now stretched over six episodes.  And we just get to the good part when the series ends! . The part where the female vamp is dancing and soon they will all turn to vamps.  In the series we have more characters because we have more time.  The movie was  full out riot and remains a horror favorite from the 90's for many.  This is a decent version of it But if you might want to wait till the next season to watch it all together as the next six eps will redo the wild second half of the original movie.
The closer had interesting characters and villains.  The Major Crime here is that the Closer is over.  I watched the first few major crimes and eventually realized Provenza was now an old woman NOT a cop.  Similar things happened to other characters as they "freshened" them and at the same time pretty much destroyed them and their flow.  Too many to count.  One of the most engaging and interesting minor characters Fritz stands around awkwardly making fill in comments trying to tie in The Closer (in Atlanta caring for her father) to the current mess.  The icy professionalism of the former internal affairs person virtually disappeared as they put the awkward story of the "protected witness' into play to make her seem human.  Instead she is now a fractious and prissy mother figure who can't seem to do her job.Then a gun control meme intrudes on a kidnapping.  The bad guys are gun owners and separatists AND EVIL get it EVIL (EVIL I TELL YOU!) and for anyone who knows anything about real American firearms sales completely unbelievable.  They are every EVIL fly over character possible crammed into a couple of slack jawed cowardly morons.Then in this show they try to validate the UTTERLY FAKE Fast and Furious meme the Administration is so keen to NOW FORGET.  In the show the EVIL (did I remind you they are EVIL?) gun buyers get "Cases of rifles" for an unstated purpose. (You remember the idea that guns were being sent to Mexico from the US.  And the idea was so provable the Administration had to fake up a gun running set up of their own to make it true.)  Of course, that the ATF would be all over them immediately for the multiple buys is ignored.  That the gun shop owner is dodgy, cowardly, and corrupt is unstated as he collapses under the immoral authority of the series poor writing.  Lots of things happen and many of them lack any justification other than the plot demands they occur and damn quick of the hour will be over soon.The shows politics STINK to high heaven.I suppose next season they will have Jack Lord come on as a guest (is he dead?  Ah well anyway) and make one of this anti gun diatribes while E Zimballest Jr ((dead too huh...) shows up to blow up cars from 200 yards with his Smith and Wesson Snub nose.The show stinks and so does the writing I am sorry I wasted my money.
Therapists may exist in agents' offices taking in star athletes like little puppies while the dastardly deeds of the FBI and the agency itself romps around in the background creating the DARK CLOUD to the enlightened moral code of therapy.  BUT, I doubt it.
Headline kind of sums it up. Was it terrible? No. The cinematography was surprisingly good (I was dreading some low budget awfulness). Acting was good. Plot was sort of plausible. Characters were interesting.But it lacked oomph. Too slow. Needed a few bottles of Tabasco sauce, I thought.3.2, really. OK to watch if you're in the mood for a slower Sci-Fi film which is mostly a human drama.
Not a bad show. I think I would watch it off and on. I liked the cast dynamics, and I think the show has promise.
Science fiction is one of my favorite themes. It can be smaltzy or realistic, it doesn't matter as long as the plots are moving forward realistically and the acting is decent. More often than not,  most Sci Fi hasn't developed varied plots, but for now, until the industry has more imaginative writers, it is ok. I prefer real science fiction, not blurred into fantasy of mythical beasts and vampires, which end up moving the imagination back into reality and snuffing out the momentum of plot advancement.My only suggestions are: keep it real with emotional responses, don't overdo it with fake shooting scenes, devise unique ways to solve problems (McGiverish), and grow the the characters relationships.  There is nothing wrong with a good &#34;McGuffin&#34;.If a series can develop over time, I'll be a faithful watcher. If not, once episode or less is enough.
Still watching the &#34;adventures&#34; and I must say it is good, but not as good or creative as the original show.
Entertaining, but not of the caliber of House of Cards.  I also don't like having to wait for the next episode.  Other streaming services provide access to a full Season's episodes allowing one to watch a batch at once.
Revised April 7, 2012 EPISODES 1-13The action is okay, the animation is pretty good, the effects and sound are good and the music isn't bad but in the end this hero's journey is just too demoralizing.  The story is supposedly about Blade search for vengeance for his mother's death but while Blade has touching farewells with relative strangers, the farewell he had with his mother under similar circumstances was horrible creating an awkward comparison and severely diminishing the resonance of Blade's mission.Blade is depicted as needing to be rescued so often he sometimes becomes a secondary character in the series.  He is stomped emotionally, physically and even literally at crucial moments.  Tough fights?  Great.  Constantly getting beat down when it matters most?  Pass.  Blade has some good points, but the first installments will only be entertaining to those who enjoy watching the hero being crucified and the thirteenth episode will be even more bizarre than it is without them.Hold your holy water and wait for the next story arc.
Fair to Middling is my verdict. Ambitious, loads of potential, decent acting but the plots and writing quickly devolve into tropes and predictable 'case-of-the-week' format. A shame, really. Ain't doing it for me.
"The Sacrament" is nothing more than a very LAME account of the Jonestown/Guyana tragedy which actually took place and where people actually died.  I guess Ti West and Eli Roth were counting on the fact that since the true tragedy had some age on it, they could try and pass this garbage as something original.  Trouble is, there was nothing original about this.You have some reporters who decide they are going to do a "piece" on this (fictional) city of Eden Parish.  The filmmakers never bother to tell you where this town was located...I guess because their script writers were not that smart to come up with an unoriginal one.  But I digress.  Seems one of the reporters has a sister who has decided to go beyond the pale and has headed wherever it is Eden Parish is located.  Once they arrive, they start their interviews and all seems well.  But then, people start confessing they are being held against their will, the reporters cannot shut their mouths long enough to get out of Dodge, and then all the people of Eden Parish are forced to drink poison--yes, these filmmakers couldn't even come up with something original for this, so they used what Jim Jones doled out in Guyana:  Kool-Aid laced with some type of poison.I am not going to address the so-called "acting" in here because it was non-existent.  "Father" (a/k/a Jim Jones) should have been killed during his stint as the clerk in "No Country for Old Men."  He just sorta' "is," and that's it.  As usual, Ti West and Eli Roth have delivered yet another stinker to add to their collection.  If you're going to shamefully copy an actual event in our history, have the testicular fortitude to at least do it correctly.  To do what you did is to literally show no respect for the dead.Shame on you.
The Chopped shows are interesting and much more enjoyable from Amazon since you do not have to watch the commercials.  I like seeing new and exotic foodstuff and watching how they prepare it.
The bottom subtitles blend in so much with the image on the screen, they are impossible to read. Disappointing. I couldn't watch it. But the art looked great for the five minutes I watched. The subtitles need a solid background to you can read them (and quickly).
Definitely the worst TV show out there. Don't believe the reviews. I wanted to like this. It seemed like it would be absolutely amazing. I thought this show would be an accurate depiction of police back in the mid-19th century. I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the black medical examiner working like Dexter trying to figure out how the girl died in the first episode. I had remembered what I had read about detective techniques in 1880's London. They basically did nothing that was shown on the show, and this takes place in the 1860's. Other things just made me roll my eyes. It reminded me of how lazy Detroit 187 was. They hired Michael Imperioli to play a detective in Detroit and even had him asking his coworkers if they wanted to get a slice. Facepalm! Seems the show was probably originally set in New Yawk and no one bothered to adjust the dialogue, or even try.Mercifully, I quit this show before they brought up anything about Shake Shack or Iphones. What a load of wasted potential.
Note: I saw every episode, save one, of this show via XFinity On Demand.Could Blue Bloods remain strong? The answer is yes. However, it's beginning to crack, with the second or third episode depicting a useless minority sypathetically. Same goes for the episode Mistaken Identity (and I was especially horrified to hear a main character say something in Arabic or whatever language Sikhs, Muslims or Hindus speak; they all look the same to me, anyway). I decided to skip the episode Manhattan Queens, because it dealt with she-he's. I knew that as with the afore-mentioned episodes, they would be treated sympathetically, and I don't like that. Besides, they make me puke. The season finale was very good, until the writers threw in a nasty curveball into the subplot with Jaime & Edie trying to help out an Arab freak and a beautiful Polish woman. I'm ashamed of the writers for treating these insignificant minorities so sympathetically.All that being said, the writing for the rest of the episodes is very strong, with the twins Sean and his brother generating most of the laughs with their cute wisecracks. Of course, Magnum and his eldest son get in some great moments with their one-liners. The strong moral ground has inexplicably begun to shift.BLUE BLOODS has been renewed for a fifth season.
This episode was full of errors. I will point out two. As far as I know a MOAB can only be dropped from a plane. It's a bomb not a missile because it weighs approximately 22,000 pounds. It would have to go on a big rocket to launch it which our planes can't carry and definitely not a Predator drone. Of course that's not my main complaint. After the MOAB exploded it showed the scorched earth outside the dome. It must have been at least 4 to 5 miles of damage. The MOAB can't do the damage it showed. It would take 5 or more MOAB's to do that.
Although I do enjoy history, anthropology and scientific studies, I found the film about an hour too long. You could have explained historical, physical and nutritional evolution really well without going into 15 minutes of how the bones are dissolved in HCL and then made into flakes to study the diet of historical humans. You could have driven that point home with a sentence or two. That is just one example of way over-selling your philosophy of nutrition. The football field/human evolution timeline analogy was incredibly drawn-out. I really feel the general public could benefit the most from the last 40 minutes. Unless you really want to hear long interviews and monologues, skip to the part where the doctor/dietitian and narrator/director go to the grocery store. This was the most useful information (as far as real-world application for the general public) of the whole documentary.
I love the Haunted Collector. But, I feel like season 3 is just being rushed through. I don't feel like the investigations are as thorough because they are trying to pack in 2 locations into 1 episode. Please, stop!! Go back to the way it was being done. I found it more interesting and much better the way it use to be.
Got to hand it to this film for knowing what it is and letting its freak flag fly. Way over the top grindhouse blood bath. I hate to admit it but I was entertained.
&#8220;TITANIC meets GLADIATOR with a volcano!&#8221;That&#8217;s the way that some folks have described , recently released to home video by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.I can&#8217;t really disagree with that basic assessment, nor can I dispute the fact that, upon the film&#8217;s theatrical release earlier this year, neither the press reviews nor the movie&#8217;s box-office were anything to get excited about.  On the other hand, I found the movie to be quite entertaining.Certainly POMPEII is no classic.  The basic love story is filled with clich&eacute;s, mirroring Titanic, except that in this instance the characters are trying to escape an erupting volcano rather than a sinking ship.  The action sequences are well staged and exciting and the CGI recreation s of ancient Pompeii, the climactic eruption, earthquake and tsunami are truly spectacular.  In other words, this movie is fun.Kit Harington stars as a slave turned super gladiator, who falls in love with the daughter (Emily Browning) of a wealthy Pompeii merchant.  She is being wooed by a corrupt Roman Senator (Kiefer Sutherland), and he just happens to be the man who, years ago, killed Harington&#8217;s parents.  As Mount Vesuvius erupts, destroying everyone and everything in the vicinity, Harington must fight his way out of the gladiator&#8217;s arena, so that he can rescue Browning from Sutherland&#8217;s grasp.Directed by Paul W.S. Anderson, the epic film&#8217;s splendid cast includes Carrie-Anne Moss, Adewale  Akinnouoye-Agbaje, Jessica Lucas, Jared Harris and Currie Graham.The 2-disc 3D/Blu-Ray/Digital combo-set from Sony includes many extras: filmmaker&#8217;s audio commentary, 20 deleted and alternate scenes, plus several &#8220;Behind the Scenes&#8221; featurettes that cover virtually all aspects of the production (e.g. special effects, casting, production design, costuming, etc.). Michael B. Druxman
Child molester's are not great with kids! They traumatize children for life with their psychotic justification for abuse, religious or otherwise. Who is the freak that wrote this episode?
Season 2 is essential viewing if you enjoyed season 1 or even if you came to the series late like I did and wanted to start from the beginning to fill in the character back stories.  However, there are some flaws that make it less impressive than the seasons 1, 3, 4, and 5:1. While season 2 has some great moments (particularly for Ben, John, Lydia, Sammy, and Nate), it is clear that the writers probably planned to spread the story arcs out over more episodes than 6.  Most of the arcs get resolved by the 6th episode, but the resolutions don't feel earned, particularly for Sal and Chickie.2. I don't like how Amazon Instant's digital version has all the curse words bleeped out.  I know this is how the show aired, but seasons 1 and 3 have all the curse words unbleeped, so why not the same treatment for season 2?  The bleeps are distracting. I'd rather have no curse words that all the bleeps.If you can put up with these minor flaws, stick through season 2, because seasons 3, 4, and 5 are excellent and will be enhanced by knowing the starting points for the characters.
This show looks like it will be cute and funny, but nothing original or different.  This football team will pursue the championship against all odds, and against many formidable foes.  There is a love story brewing between the two main characters that started with a heated argument - bet you didn't see that coming,  There will be many funny  and touching moments, blah, blah ,blah.Amazon put some AMAZING pilots up, this isn't one of them in my opinion.
The story content is enough to be sickened if we are to believe this is Washington D. C. Expecting to see a story about the inside of our capital, it was totally to be shut off I the middle of it. Enuf is enuf.
I was a big fan of Season One of ONCE UPON A TIME and I eagerly anticipated Season 2 on DVD. Season 2 took my by surprise and not in a good way. A fun take on classic fairy tales has become a constant shift of characters and plot lines. ONCE UPON A TIME has put a lot of actors to work as nearly every episode introduces a new character or re-introduces one who has gone missing. The problem is there are so many characters and so many story lines that things are getting beyound silly.The basic theme is good versus evil. Emma, Mary Margarite (Snow White) and David (Prince Charming) have an alliance against Regina (the Evil Queen), Cora (Regina's mother) and Mr. Gold aka the Dark One aka Rumplestiltskin. When good is about to triumph, evil kicks in and the never ending story continues. Back stories keep going on and nothing is linear in time. The modern day was a consistant but that is no longer true as time jumps for the present back 28 years ago.The taking peoples' hearts was over the top this season. Enough of all this! Please!! Tell a story and develop a character and story line. Much to my disppointment a new character with an interesting story appears and is dead in the same episode. Why bother? And the puff of purple magic smoke that is used over and over again by Regina and her mother is used over and over again.There are some great actors in this series but there are so many stories going that it's hard to keep track. Mr. Gold and Regina both try to go "good" but nothing good lasts.Portals open and "humans" come to Storybrooke and the city's inhabitants are in danger. To confuse matters more, these fairy tale characters are joined by literary characters such as Hook (as in Captain Hook) and Dr. Frankenstein. Are classic TV show characters next.I was disappointed in Season Two but the season finale caught my interest so no doubt, I will be watching Season 3.
The first three seasons were gripping, yet this one just tried too hard to pull you in. I mean, it wasn't about Marshall business as the other three episodes, but more of a let's get another season on the roster to make more $. It was nice to see more of Tim act, but the BEST actor was Coggins! He's the star of all seasons, due to his invective, invidious, and gallantry; i think more of us can connect with him from a practical sense. Coggins deserves an Oscar.
The thinking man's comic books that were the Marvel brand, featuring titles such as THE FANTASTIC FOUR, THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN and THE INCREDIBLE HULK, came to be thanks largely to a gentleman known as Stan Lee.  Those who don't realize Marvel's contribution to popular culture should see the 2013 documentary WITH GREAT POWER: THE STAN LEE STORY.  Those who do have probably already seen it; certainly the film's tone does not fall short in presenting fans who praise Marvel writer-editor Lee.But I'd rather appreciate WITH GREAT POWER: THE STAN LEE STORY for its strengths, first and foremost that it shows comic books are not necessarily just a part of childhood culture, something that has to end when a kid moves on from superheroes to, say, MAD magazine.  While not the sole example, THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN's adaptation into several successful motion pictures and, most recently, a Broadway musical stands as strong support of that notion.Age 53 as I write this, I realize that the poorly made cartoons based on Marvel Comics in the 1960s reflected a cheap cash-in on the brand's popularity but the first-rate motion pictures - most recently, IRON MAN, starring one of film's premiere actors, no less - live up to the spirit of Stan Lee and his collaborators because the filmmakers were the ones who bought those comic books when they were children.
Used to love this show but now I am finding it annoying.  And the Mycroft character is WRONG WRONG WRONG. Horrendous miscasting of this part.  I can't wait for him to go away.  Love Lucy Liu but Sherlock is losing me fast.  Stupid plot about MI-6.  I laughed out loud.  Absurd.So when a show gets to be annoying and absurd each time, I stop  watching.  Gave it an extra star because of Lucy Liu only.  Otherwise, into the trash heap.  Shame really as it started out wobbly, got better and is now wobbly again. Did the writers change?
Boring and dry. characters did not entice me to continue to watch this program. I find that British shows can be really good or boring.
Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within, was released in 2001.When I watched that video game movie, I could not believe how realistic it was.There is no salvation for T4 or this game. They are both mundane & trite.They took no time to doctor up this movie. The chapters are short. The video is grainy & flawed, just like a video game, only not as engaging.You would have to be a machine to enjoy this movie.:(FF is still on my shelf. Salvation is going bye bye ...
The movie reminded me a little of "Paranormal Activity" in that it has some hand held camera shots as well as using things like "DAY NINE." It reminded me of the classic "House" as there was a huge hole in the closet that apparently "things" were coming through.Danny Hill's grandmother dies in the opening scene. Danny (Van Hansis) becomes a squatter in her apartment on the advice of Joe, the Doorman (Thorsten Kaye) and Joe's lawyer friend. He wants the apartment for the same rent control price his grandmother had it. The landlord wants Danny out so he can rent the 3500 square foot, downtown NYC apartment for big bucks. Joe gets Danny everything he needs to stay there, unfortunately there are weird things going on in the apartment and Danny quickly develops cabin fever.The movie doesn't have a lot of characters and is practically a one man play. The movie plays you along to the end.F-bomb, brief night time sex, no nudity. 2 1/2 stars at best.
Like others have posted the only thing clever about this movie was the use of Guerrilla filmmaking without Disney's permission.  It is such a shame that they wasted it on this piece of shlock.  The idea of shooting a film on Disney's property was such a great idea and as a huge fan of Disney Parks and resorts I was really looking forward to this film.  So you can imagine my disappointment when they wasted this opportunity on something that literally had no story and made absolutely no sense.  In fact I will go as far as saying they probably didn't have a story and they were just making it up as they went along.  I heard this was supposed to be a horror film, but because it was such a mess it would be hard to put it in any particular genre it seemed more like a black comedy to me but it really falls short no matter how it will be categorized.  It reminded me of the movie Eraserhead where it was just someone's nightmare and the interpretation was up to the viewer.  Now if you found you liked David Lynch's movie Eraserhead, you might very well think this is a masterpiece.  Having said that I am not a fan of that movie and I am not a fan of David Lynch type of surrealism.  I'm simply not a fan of being able to make a movie and not have any plot whatsoever to follow and therefore, no story or ending.  So in closing this review, if you like David Lynch, particularly Eraserhead, you might look at this as a masterpiece.  I think both movies are crap, so take this review from where it is coming from.  I gave them two stars for the guerilla filmmaking and that is where my appreciation of this movie ends.
not interested.
The music is good, and certainly an interesting niche to tell a story about.  The conflicts and stories chosen to tell leave a lot to be desired.
Ah well , an unoriginal fantasy series about a female heroine having to save the world , does that ever get old . No stories , no writing and no point to it .
Season 1 was a lot more action packed and there was a great deal more evidence.  This season has become a real yawner.  Three shows were done around an EVP in Chinese.  Then they tarted looking for evidence in outlying areas...apparently nothing of real import happening in the mine?  Too bad.  It was so promising in the first season.
This could be a great show, but it keeps pulling back from the edge.  The premise of a smarmy sports broadcaster going through the grief stages is robust enough for a much more daring show. Matthew Perry is underused: he could deadpan the most improbable lines without losing the emotional gravitas underpinning the story.Audacity -- it's not just for Arrested Development any more.
This is an entertaining movie but certainly not a classic. Aside from the fact that Pompeii was destroyed the balance of the story is fictional and a mediocre copy of the movie Gladiator.Kiefer Sutherland is not my favorite actor and he did another poor job in this film by overacting. I like the characters of the Celtic gladiator and the daughter of the leader of Pompeii.I rate the film as a 3 star for entertainment. Rent it and watch it but don't buy the DVD IMHO.
Boring short, silly. Not a couples film. Not a film at all. Doesn't really do much but tell a story about two kids. Who then die.
Originally available to download through iTunes, Watchmen: The Complete Motion Comic is now available on DVD and Blu-Ray.  Whether you are a longtime fan of Alan Moore's revolutionary comic or are a newfound follower thanks to the upcoming Zack Snyder adaptation, you'd be better off checking out a single episode before laying down the cash for this Blu-Ray.  As you probably already know, there is only once voice used throughout The Motion Comic, as actor Tom Stechschulte provides the voices for everyone, including the female characters.  Saying this is just plain weird to hear at first is saying it lightly (especially if you're not expecting it), but all things considered, he doesn't do as bad a job all around as it could have been.  The panels and dialogue of the comic are followed to a tee, and making Dave Gibbons' artwork breathe is a sight to behold.  Still, Watchmen: The Complete Motion Comic isn't without its flaws, especially considering that the Blu-Ray features basically consist of an old production diary of the upcoming film adaptation, which has been available online for quite a while now.  In the end, Watchmen: The Complete Motion Comic is an interesting endeavor, but is really a worthwhile trip for die hard fans only, if only for the fact that nothing beats actually reading the comic.  Still, there are worse distractions to find as old and new fans alike wait for Zack Snyder's take on Watchmen to hit theaters.
Every Monday after a new episode, it's the same old thing. "cannot connect"  Can't leave feedback. Can't download. It might be easier to just pay for the cable and watch it on AMC, and get rid of Prime, and quit PAYING for episodes that cannot be streamed or downloaded on MONDAY.
Explanation For Lower Rating:I'm not sure what the History Channel is doing with their DVD releases this year, but it is certainly a step in the wrong direction. When they released "Pawn Stars: Volume Three," many people assumed that the show would be Season Three as the other two seasons of the program had been released in their entirety. It was, in fact, only sixteen episodes. When they released "American Pickers: Volume Two," it was the same thing. Season One had been released with all episodes, but this Volume Two was only eight episodes of Season Two. I know some people that preordered sight unseen, or just weren't paying attention, felt a little shortchanged by these smaller portions as opposed to what they had assumed were full season DVD releases. Personally, I didn't agree with the decision but, at least, the DVD packaging was very clear about what was included. Anyone who read the box knew what to expect: how many episodes and which ones, so it wasn't a blind investment!Now here's a leap backwards for "American Pickers,Volume 4."I am sitting here with the DVD in hand and nowhere does it say how many episodes are inside. Never mind that it doesn't list them (which in my opinion it should if it is not a Complete Season package), it doesn't even tell you how many episodes you are getting. I suppose I'm supposed to look at the running time and do some estimated mathematics? I know this may seem trivial to some or that I'm overreacting, but I think the company owes potential buyers this information. My lower rating, therefore, reflects the History Channel's (or A&E; Networks distributing) apparent disregard for its own fan base. I don't like to make purchases without knowing exactly what I'm paying for!  It's not the price (which is in line with the contents), it's the lack of information that bothers me.I, however, will tell you what is inside. The 2 DVD set has eight episodes, a chronological continuation of Season Two for just shy of six hours worth of programming.  Really, how hard would it have been to include the fact that there were eight episodes on the DVD box?Season Two: (1) Fairlane Fever, (2) Too Hot To Handle, (3) Trading Up, (4) The Emu Chase, (5) Keep Out!, (6) They Boldly Go, (7) The Possum Trot, and (8) California Dreamin.  There are no special features, but there are Spanish and English subtitle options.The premise, for anyone unfamiliar with the show, is that two "pickers" (Mike Wolfe and Frank Fritz) travel the country trying to unearth hidden treasures from the various people they meet along the way. Some of the items may have historical significance.  That's the angle the History Channel uses to tie the show into its lineup. In truth, the show has similar appeal to the classic "Antique Roadshow" mixed with the treasure hunting gamble of "Storage Wars" with a dash of "Hoarders" thrown in for good measure. It's always intriguing to see what long forgotten gems might be lurking in someone's garage or junkyard. Along the way, the boys chat up the locals and experience a different kind of Americana.  An interesting show, but fans deserve some respect in these DVD releases.  KGHarris, 8/12.
While the show Jo B and G Raff is cute, it is not very educational. The pilot episode focuses on Jo B looking for his friend G Raff who has gone swimming under the sea. G Raff tells Jo B that he doesn't want to do the show yet because he is exploring the sea. Jo B decides to go find G Raff. This is when Jo B asks the children what he can use to go into the water. I was under the impression that this would be the first learning scene. Instead, the problem solving question was rushed and lacking. Jo B goes to a train, then states an airplane won't work. Jo B finally spots the answer which is the submarine. There is a lack of interacting from kids watching and the characters on the show. If I was the writer, I would have placed the words on the screen and asked questions. For example, bring forward the airplane with it spelling beside it and then ask "will an airplane get us under the sea?" Once the answer is selected through interaction with the characters, the writers should have taught the kids watching how to pronounce Submarine.The main lesson for the pilot is compromise. I had an issue with this because rather than it being a compromise, it felt like G Raff was pressuring Jo B. PEER PRESSURE! Jo B wants to go back and start the show but G Raff wants him to stay. Wouldn't it have been better if a third party told Jo B and G Raff to host the show under water? I understand the lesson is compromise, but it was poorly executed in the writing.My final complaint ties into the first complaint that the show is not very educational. Be honest parents. All I heard over and over again was It's the Jo B and G Raff show. They repeat that way too many times. I understand they want to hook children to those names, but they needed something educational rather than repeating names. If you wrote a show well enough, children will learn the characters naturally.Disclaimer: This review has been written by a young man who has no children. Therefore, my perspective maybe different than yours. Please do not let this discourage you from watching the show with your kids. I hope you and your children make the right decision about the show together.
A magic dome disconnects the outside world to this small town,  what happens.The Bible is a literary reference and helps give color to this program, it could be a study of what happens to good people under stress trying to do the right thing but not always succeeding.Similar to Lost and other Sci Fi programs this has themes of life and death and good and evil, so if you like that sort of thing you will in enjoy it.  The acting is mostly good, the special effects are  mostly subtle and well placed.cons:  It has a bit too much for-shadowing and some of the characters seem to waffle rather then struggle with there predicamentand the plot was a bit predictable at the end of the season.but over all I could watch it again.
Now I know why I had never heard of this maybe the dumbest story line ah is there even a story line? And shame on great actors doing this third rate show
